female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
female	2	An immigration judge denied her requests for asylum and withholding of deportation , believing that the same legal standard applied to both claims .	judge
female	14	Sarah Dozier , Johnston ' s niece , filed a motion asking a federal judge for sanctions against the city of Atlanta because she said it had withheld documents in a wrongful death lawsuit .	judge
female	8	This time she is successful , and the judge announces her death to the court the following day , dismissing the case .	judge
female	1	The judge refused her request .	judge
female	1	The judge told him she was going to use the first test ; the second one did not count .	judge
female	12	At her sentencing in U.S. District Court in 1995 , the presiding judge described Shannon as a terrorist and agreed with prosecutors that she was a threat even from behind bars .	judge
female	1	The judge lowered her bail from $ 5 million to $ 1 million .	judge
female	8	Rita does win custody initially , but the judge overhears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter 's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael .	judge
female	2	"Almost every judge , except for Tyra Banks , criticized her performances and personality as being "" too pageant "" and "" fake "" , this came along by a CoverGirl commercial , Thompson landed in the bottom two with contestant Lauren Utter ."	judge
female	35	In 2006 , Rachel Bevilacqua , a member of the Church of the SubGenius , known as Rev. Magdalen in the SubGenius hierarchy , lost custody and contact with her son after a district court judge took offense at her participation in the Church 's X - Day festival .	judge
female	5	"The way in which the judge conducted her trial was questioned and this was probably the reason her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment , some of which she served in a prison in Woking , Surrey , and then at the "" House of Detention "" at Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ."	judge
female	17	Leopold based the request on the grounds that his defense attorneys represented him ineffectively , which the judge disputed in her ruling .	judge
female	19	But according to her 1933 obituary in the same newspaper , they met in Ireland in 1907 while the judge was touring Europe and she was gathering material for a book , and they married on 19 August 1908 , at his parent 's church in Des Moines , Iowa .	judge
female	5	On 6 August 1867 the judge cited monomania as her illness , and found that she was of unsound mind when signing her Will , thus making it invalid .	judge
female	5	At trial , the trial judge accepted she was subject to such abuse .	judge
female	6	On 17 October 2011 a French judge ruled that she is to be placed under the guardianship of members of her family on concerns about Bettencourt ' s declining mental health .	judge
female	1	The judge regarded her response as impious and ordered their immediate death by fire .	judge
female	11	Within the year , Griffith filed for a divorce after a judge denied her motion for an annulment , with her contesting that the marriage had not been consummated .	judge
female	1	The judge restricted her testimony , but she did testify as to their sexual relationship and his paternity of her child .	judge
female	7	At that initial trial hearing , the judge dismissed her case and , following a trial less than half hour in duration , the book 's publisher was acquitted .	judge
female	9	Her mother has served as an international figure skating judge and her sister has participated in synchronized skating .	judge
female	3	In 2012 a judge ordered Colotl back to jail for her misdemeanor charge of driving without a license ; she was released later the same day but still faced 11 months of probation and upwards of $ 1,000 in fines .	judge
female	7	While Tracy wins primary custody , the judge does not believe her accusations and allows Steve visits with Amy .	judge
female	17	"Odeh 's counsel maintains she did not receive a "" full and fair trial "" because the judge ruled as irrelevant her testimony that her confession to the crimes had been extracted by torture while she was in the custody of Israeli Police in 1969 ."	judge
female	32	On March 8 , 2019 , Manning was found in contempt of court and jailed in the women 's wing of the federal detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , with the judge conditioning her release on her testifying or the grand jury concluding its work .	judge
female	7	In August 2008 , a federal court judge overturned her conviction and ordered that she receive a new trial .	judge
female	1	The judge sends Blair to St. Ann 's instead of to jail and she sees her mother there .	judge
female	1	The judge ruled she violated laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man ' s car at the time of the attack .	judge
female	21	"Carrie Fisher and guest judge Gary Ross chose "" Driving Under The Influence "" as their favorite film , and substitute judge Penny Marshall chose "" Backseat Driving Test "" as her favorite film ."	judge
female	5	The standard is whether the judge sitting on the case would consider the authority to be important , or if she would feel misled if the authority were not disclosed .	judge
female	1	The judge criticized not only the defendants , but also what she viewed as the government 's overzealous handling of the investigation .	judge
female	41	"Les Twins ( Beyoncé 's former backup dancers ) made headlines in USA Today , which wrote , "" Although the audience was cheering along to Les Twins ’ fierce moves the entire performance , their routine 's intense ending made judge Jennifer Lopez jump out of her seat in shock . ""[20 ]"	judge
female	3	"A Florida circuit judge rejected her lawsuit in December 2006 , ruling that her allegations of lost votes in Sarasota County were "" conjecture . """	judge
female	10	"On May 16 , 2011 , it was announced that judge Nicole Scherzinger would not return for this season due to her duties as one of the judges of "" The X Factor "" , and that Sara Bareilles would replace Scherzinger on the judging panel ."	judge
female	12	Davenport herself was in the courtroom on 27 April 1888 when the judge found in her favour .	judge
female	1	"The judge in the case actually chastised her daughter for filing charges , telling her : "" A man would not have done it . """	judge
female	1	A judge thereupon removed the girl from any control by Hayford , and she went to Denver , Colorado , to live with a sister .	judge
female	5	To their surprise , the judge appoints Caizhen as her guardian .	judge
female	6	"Since 2003 she has been a judge on "" Australian Idol "" , and her elevated profile led to a renewed interest in her as a performer ."	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 episode of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	21	Desperate to keep the baby , Susan attempts to fight Chloe for custody , but is forced to reconsider when the judge warns her that she would lose .	judge
female	1	The judge dismissed her case for the lack of sound evidence .	judge
female	6	Betty Boop , in which the judge tells Betty Boop -LRB- Mae Questel -RRB- that `` she has broken every law of music '' .	judge
female	3	Predictably , the judge questioned her very legitimacy as a plaintiff .	judge
female	16	Attorneys made their closing arguments in the city ' s case on June 26 and the judge announced that she would issue her ruling on the following Wednesday .	judge
female	5	On her request , the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court .	judge
female	1	"The judge , Harold Beeler , criticised Walsh - Smith for her YouTube video . """	judge
female	4	A New York County judge dismissed the case against her in June 2014 .	judge
female	4	In 2009 , a judge ruled that she is eligible to be tried in a civil suit in the White Mountain Apache tribal court .	judge
female	2	The trial judge accepted her version and acquitted her on the basis she had established she was acting under duress .	judge
female	0	Judge lives in Toronto with her husband and has two grown children .	judge
female	16	The ACLU took the matter to federal court on free speech grounds , and a federal judge ruled in her favor October 8 , 2010 .	judge
female	15	The plan goes off successfully ; Tarantula and her two henchmen are arrested and the judge declares her intent to exonerate Brian .	judge
female	2	However the judge noted that she had given `` every impression '' of being older .	judge
female	1	Cadet Judge Amy Steel is assigned to Judge Dredd for her final assessment .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Maria Solomou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	9	Lady Gordon Cathcart took legal action but the visiting judge took the view that she had neglected her duties as a landowner and that `` long indifference to the necessities of the cottars had gone far to drive them to exasperation '' .	judge
female	1	The judge gave her full custody so Nyjah moved back to live with his mother and siblings .	judge
female	15	A new trial was ordered , until January 19 , 2011 , when another federal judge ordered a stay of proceedings in her appeal .	judge
female	5	The court found the trial judge abused her discretion by trying two unrelated cases at the same time , which violated Perez 's Constitutional right to a fair trial .	judge
female	16	"Overall , she was a less than impressive witness . "" Regarding her career , the judge said : "" I find that , far from the husband dictating to and restricting the wife 's career and charitable activities , he did the exact opposite ."	judge
female	1	The judge certified her extradition to the Secretary of State on May 1 , 1973 , and on August 7 , 1973 , Hermine Braunsteiner	judge
female	9	Gunn moves for a mistrial and announces that the judge should remove herself from the case because according to the judge 's tax records , she holds stock in a company owned by a company owned by Fries ’ .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge dropped Luther 's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White .	judge
female	3	However , the judge found her guilty of murder on the basis of inconsistencies in her testimony and other circumstantial evidence and sentenced her to death .	judge
female	9	Rumors circulated that Handy had threatened to kill the judge and her lawyers and she withdrew her suit within the next month .	judge
female	1	"The judge said in her ruling that , "" There is no evidence to establish that their scientific techniques have been tested and found reliable . """	judge
female	23	In 2004 , she was a judge for the Whitbread Prize -LRB- now the Costa -RRB- , and in 2005 , was a judge for the Orange Prize .	judge
female	6	On 25 January 2008 , a judge of the Superior Court of Nueva Loja ordered her release , but the order was annulled just days later after the judge was accused of perverting the course of justice after stating his opinion on the matter to a local TV station .	judge
female	14	According to Grażyna Szałkiewicz , who gave testimony of Igor 's innocence , the judge raised her voice and behaved aggressively towards her and the defence .	judge
female	12	Attorney-General -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , counsel for the applicants alleged that the judge was guilty of actual bias and requested that she recuse herself .	judge
female	11	Díaz remained in jail for approximately one year when a Miami judge ordered her immediate release .	judge
female	15	She first appeared in the Supreme Court on November 2 , 2017 , but the judge postponed her declaration as imputed for November 9 .	judge
female	14	Mohamed Jar Elnabi , a lawyer representing Meriam Ibrahim , said police and the judge prevented her husband , Wani , going into the court .	judge
female	4	Despite her absence the judge proceeded with the case ; Edgecombe was found guilty on a lesser charge of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life , and sentenced to seven years ' imprisonment .	judge
female	7	"In 2008 , she was also a judge on the talent show "" Sweden 's Got Talent "" , during this year she also hosted her own radio show on Rix FM ."	judge
female	16	The society ladies are chaperoned by a Lady Virginia Forest , who is worried that the judge will not remember her case .	judge
female	1	"The judge also nicknamed her "" Lorelei "" because he believed it expressed her true personality ."	judge
female	20	The skit , however , ended abruptly : the moment the attractive plaintiff stepped into the witness box , the judge leapt into her arms and vowed to marry her , whereas in the opera , the case is allowed to proceed further before this conclusion is reached .	judge
female	14	This week the show had Season 3 winner , Ntoretta Papadimitriou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	8	Harris ' father is Dennis Harris , a judge and her mother is Karen N. ( new Youngblood ) , a former staff lawyer .	judge
female	15	In Al - Hussein 's second appearance in court , on 4 August , the judge again postponed her case , this time for a month , saying he wanted to get advice about whether she was immune from prosecution or not .	judge
female	2	The presiding judge ruled that she would stand trial once , for all of the charges against her , rather than be tried separately on each .	judge
female	24	Will finds pageant season — a big event in their town — a ridiculous hoopla , and finds her mother 's participation as pageant judge and her emphasis on beauty eyeroll worthy , and does n't participate in or encourage either .	judge
female	2	A federal judge ruled the provision unconstitutional but refused to halt matching funds because she said it was too close to the election .	judge
female	20	The invited respondents to her address , Professor of Jurisprudence at Oxford H. L. A. Hart and retired Supreme Court judge T. C. Kingsmill Moore , positively received her arguments .	judge
female	14	She apparently likes the rough treatment , and is happier still when the Nevada judge denies her requested divorce .	judge
female	1	One judge in particular said that she thought he was going bald .	judge
female	1	After judge Chris Mennemeyer recused herself from the case , in June 2015 , 22nd Circuit Court judge Steven Ohmer granted a motion by Schwartz for a new bench trial based on the evidence that had emerged , with Russ Faria released on bond pending the trial .	judge
female	4	In 1953 , Wisconsin judge Harvey L. Neelan fined a Miss Mertz $ 25 for her drunken obscenities and noted that she should be required to wash her mouth with soap .	judge
female	5	"In her verdict , district judge Vani Gopal Sharma stated , "" This court has gone through sleepless nights and tried to put itself in the shoes of the offenders and think as to what might have prompted them to take such a step . """	judge
female	8	According to the Gospel of Luke , a judge who is both irreligious and lacking compassion eventually agrees to do justice to a poor widow because she is so persistent in her demands .	judge
female	5	Following her conviction , the judge ordered a 90-day psychiatric evaluation to determine whether or not Almodovar posed a threat to society .	judge
female	1	The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her .	judge
female	15	On August 9 , Ernisa Barnwell was officially disqualified from the mayoral race after a judge dismissed her injunction .	judge
female	1	The judge found her guilty despite the location of the incident and her 20-year history of previous psychiatric treatment , including 14 hospitalizations .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Katerina Gagaki as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	73	"Alexis and Daniel are relieved that the trial is going smoothly because of the judge 's sympathy , but as they wait in line to get coffee , a barista yells to see if anyone can break a 20 dollar bill , and Daniel walks up to the front of the line to discover that the person who wanted the change was "" the judge "" , resulting in unwanted press and the judge excusing herself from the trial ."	judge
female	7	The Court of Appeal held that the judge had erred in her decision that the battery claim had no realistic prospect of success and in her decision that the burden of proof rested with the claimant to disprove a defence of self - defence in a civil case .	judge
female	3	""" Idol "" judge Simon Cowell made several comments about Mandisa 's weight after her successful audition ."	judge
female	8	Sometimes when judicial positions are vacant or a judge has recused himself or herself from the case , the court may be stuck with a tie , in which case the lower court 's decision will be affirmed without comment by an equally divided court .	judge
female	1	The judge requests that Liz explain why he needs to drop it in private , and she relates everything that 's happened up until now .	judge
female	11	She sued the university in U.S. federal court , but the judge ruled against her claim of gender discrimination .	judge
female	35	"In December 2014 , the Polish Constitutional Court overturned the ban on kosher and halal slaughter since the protection of animals "" does not take priority over constitutional guarantees of religious freedom , "" with Judge stating in her final verdict that "" the constitution guarantees the freedom of religion which includes the carrying out of all activities , practices , rites and rituals which have a religious character . """	judge
female	1	Another judge , Regine Tolentino , reacted positively and thought that she and Ibo took their dance to another level .	judge
female	0	Judge records her narration , then Spohrer will edit the piece together .	judge
female	6	When Verdugo was 15 , a judge appointed her mother as her legal guardian so that she could sign a film contract .	judge
female	1	The judge did not accept her story and doubted the existence of Tan .	judge
female	1	The judge rejects her request and gives Quagmire 24 hours to get his affairs in order .	judge
female	10	This week the show had Natalia Germanou as a guest judge and her score counted for the final result of this week 's elimination .	judge
female	4	"In 2007 an Argentine judge ordered her arrest over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976 , on the grounds that the disappearance was authorized by her signing of decrees allowing Argentina 's armed forces to take action against "" subversives "" ."	judge
female	14	Rifqa turned herself into the police and spent two nights in jail until a judge set her free .	judge
female	16	"In other words , if the government shows "" specific and articulable facts , "" a judge "" may "" issue an order , but she may also decide to require a warrant ."	judge
female	2	The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself .	judge
female	1	Idol judge , Ian Dickson , claimed that she would have won .	judge
female	5	"In her ruling , the judge observed : "" On my analysis of the entirety of the evidence , I found Mr. Berezovsky an unimpressive , and inherently unreliable , witness , who regarded truth as a transitory , flexible concept , which could be moulded to suit his current purposes ."	judge
female	0	Judge lives with her partner , Sara , in Durham , North Carolina .	judge
female	1	The judge asked Florence to fill the vacancy ( customarily known as widow 's succession ) and she accepted as a way to support her family .	judge
female	1	The judge threatened contempt , offered in - camera testimony , and offered transactional immunity , and she continued to refuse to testify .	judge
female	3	United States magistrate judge Lynne Sitarski set her trial date for May 3 , 2010 ; during the interim she remained in federal custody .	judge
female	14	Kusner and her lawyer took this case to court , and in 1968 the judge granted her the license based on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .	judge
female	8	On April 21 , 2016 , the investigating judge requested her indictment for money laundering to the Tribunal Supremo .	judge
female	1	The judge approved her request and within hours of having the bypass approved , she had an appointment with Southwestern Women ’s Options .	judge
female	1	The judge sees this as a sign that she still cares for him and does not agree to the divorce .	judge
female	8	"Following her performance of "" Halo "" , judge BMK said , "" Wherever she goes , she has the potential to be a big star ."	judge
female	0	"Judge "" got her theatrical start in Broadway musicals and revues such as "" The Second Little Show "" and "" Silver Slipper "" . """	judge
female	8	After the story came out , a Californian judge handed custody of her children to her estranged husband Kevin Federline .	judge
female	25	Kittredge argued that the state standards for best interest of the child should trump those of the ICWA , and concluded that the trial court judge erred in her findings of fact .	judge
female	20	In the murder trial of a teenaged boy from a city slum , accused of murdering his father , the judge gives her instructions to the jury : a non - unanimous verdict will force a mistrial , and a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence .	judge
female	1	The judge adopts Ruth under the name Sawyer and is known to her only as her guardian .	judge
female	2	A U.S. judge dismissed all charges against her due to prosecutorial misconduct .	judge
female	5	During the trial , a judge rebuked her for profanity in her testimony .	judge
female	1	The judge set her free on $ 50,000 bail and then scheduled a second court date for April 2014 .	judge
female	5	In her rationale , the judge also said that it is not up to the defendants to teach youngsters human anatomy ; however , her decision was appealed by Krzysztofek 's female friend soon afterwards , with the plea of not guilty .	judge
female	11	In her dissenting opinion , joint by judge Mirsad Ćeman , judge Seada Palavrić criticized the Court for not giving a definition of foreign policy and foreign trade policy , since , in her opinion , only a detailed interpretation could assist in determination of the exclusive competence of B&H in this area .	judge
female	30	In 1983 , the United States Supreme Court refused her request that the federal judge considering the case should be disqualified because of judicial bias , and in 1984 the judge dismissed her claims .	judge
female	3	Hours after the judge issued her ruling , Saunders - Velez was allegedly raped .	judge
female	17	The requirement of a neutral judge has introduced a constitutional dimension to the question of whether a judge should recuse himself or herself from a case .	judge
female	1	The judge allowed her testimony , and the defense withdrew their motion since she spoke in favor of the defense .	judge
female	19	"Dixie Carter returned on the November 25 edition of "" Reaction "" , informing Hogan and Bischoff that a judge had filed an injunction against the two on her behalf over not having signatory authority , indefinitely suspending Hogan from TNA ."	judge
female	10	Surprisingly , just two days after her death , her judge Vojtěch I of Pernstein also passed away .	judge
female	6	"Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student 's speech "" foreseeably create[d ] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment "" , which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off - campus speech ."	judge
female	3	The district court judge nonetheless ruled that she , herself , could not hear the similarities between the two songs and dismissed the case , denying the motion for the songs or case to be heard by a jury .	judge
female	1	The judge denied her request .	judge
female	1	"The judge described her crime "" as wicked and cruel a murder as I ever heard tell of ."	judge
female	56	Before her death , with Harris ' support , Raye sued Bette Midler and the producers of the movie For the Boys in the early 1990s , claiming that the film was based on Martha ' s extensive experience as a much-loved entertainer of US troops during three wars , but lost in court when the judge , after hearing evidence on both sides , ruled that she did not have a case .	judge
female	38	Faced with a 70-year - old woman with end - stage Lou Gehrig 's Disease who was petitioning the court ( with the support of her family ) to prevent any later use of a respirator , the judge appointed her husband as guardian with the specific duty to refuse any tracheotomy and/or respirator use if / when the patient became unable to refuse such treatment herself .	judge
female	2	When the judge confirmed that she was not mandatory , she declared that she would not reply to any of the questions , not even to save herself .	judge
female	17	Atkinson contested under the Constitution of North Carolina and a Wake County , North Carolina superior court judge ruled in her favor on July 17 , 2009 .	judge
female	0	Judge was born to parents Valentine and Tony Judge , and named after her aunt , Phoebe Legere .	judge
female	6	Then in June , a state judge overturned her decision .	judge
female	10	Because she failed to show up for court , the judge entered a default judgment against her for $ 5 million .	judge
female	2	A young judge gave her choice of a $ 10 fine for disturbing the peace or a 10-day jail sentence .	judge
female	3	Days later head judge Osmel Sousa went to her home in New Jersey to personally invite her to be part of the competition .	judge
female	7	"In her 135-page written decision , the judge agreed that Sherry is the “ "" victim of gross injustice "" ."	judge
female	7	"On March 14 , 2007 , the judge in the case dropped all criminal charges against her in the "" interests of justice "" ."	judge
female	1	The judge and prosecutors claimed that she was responding in agreement with the verdict , a claim contested by defense attorney ' s after the sentence was entered .	judge
female	4	"But the lone women judge , Indu Malhotra noted in her dissenting judgement that "" what constitutes an essential religious practice is for the religious community to decide "" and not a matter that should be decided by the courts ."	judge
female	0	Judge Geraldine Faith Econg per 24-page resolution recused herself amid accusations and her own admission that two women approached her to ask how much would she need in payment for dropping the case .	judge
female	7	In November 1992 , Hathaway was elected judge of the Wayne County Circuit Court , 3rd Judicial Circuit , and served from 1993 until 2009 , when she was elevated to Michigan Supreme Court Justice .	judge
female	0	Judge was born in Cooma , New South Wales , and educated in her early years in both Canberra and New Delhi , India , where her father was posted as a diplomat associated with the Columbo Plan .	judge
female	1	The judge orders the US marshals to arrest Jane , but she escapes , with the help of Philadelphia and state officials .	judge
female	2	"The Claros judge upheld her request and declared : "" As a judge , I have a duty to declare that her right to citizenship is enshrined in the Constitution , and therefore that women enjoy the same political rights as the laws grant to male citizens , with the only restrictions expressly determined such laws , because no inhabitant is deprived of what they do not prohibit . """	judge
female	3	"In addition , judge Paula Abdul premiered her first music video in over a decade , "" Dance"	judge
female	23	Although Justice Story and the Court were not moved by the dramatic events of Gaines 's life , they did conclude the Louisiana judge allow her case to be tried at equity .	judge
female	23	A day later , Bundy 's lawyer attempted to serve the judge with the lawsuit during a detention hearing , demanding that the judge recuse herself from the proceedings because she was now involved in a legal conflict with Bundy .	judge
female	1	A judge eventually dismisses her discrimination suit .	judge
female	15	Bramblett declared that the case would remain open until it was either dismissed or the judge changed her opinion .	judge
female	8	As she took the stand , the trial judge Lord Bracadale explained that she had the right not to give evidence against her husband if she did not wish .	judge
female	1	The judge postponed her bail hearing until 3 September .	judge
female	1	The judge said in her ruling that Sandra still would not have personhood rights like a human being .	judge
female	2	When the judge discovers Nathan lied for Maxie and she loses custody of her daughter , Nathan suspects Levi tipped off the judge , and tries to prove it .	judge
female	1	The judge warns him that she likes `` the criminal type '' and can not be trusted .	judge
female	7	During her murder investigation , the investigating judge found evidence of fifteen death threats against her .	judge
female	1	A judge ordered Ruffu to return Urgent Envoy and she ignored the order .	judge
female	22	"Dressed in a midriff - baring top , short shorts , and a sheer white blouse , the ' X Factor ' judge whipped her ponytail as she commanded the stage with her troupe of dancers . """	judge
female	2	The chief judge is supported in her work by the team of judges in management positions .	judge
female	12	In 2018 , Big Freedia revealed in an Instagram video that the judge in the case had granted her request to end her probation one year early for good behavior .	judge
female	21	Her charm , smartness and acting skills help her take an advantage in any case she fights , especially because the judge has a soft corner for her .	judge
female	6	"The decision was made after the judge told her lawyer , Mark Geragos , that he was essentially "" asking the court to decimate a contract that was heavily negotiated and typical for the industry "" ."	judge
female	1	"The judge stayed her ruling in "" Jernigan v. Crane "" pending appeal ."	judge
female	10	After three months of hearings and legal battles , a judge granted her release from prison after she paid a MXN$1.5   million bail .	judge
female	41	On December 20 , 2007 , the criminal case Q-07 - 149982 filed against accused Caidar Aunal , Adham Kusain , and Ikram Indama was raffled to the sala of Regional Trial Court branch 83 Judge Ralph Lee after Branch 80 judge Charito Gonzales recused herself .	judge
female	12	"In addition , the reports of the case in which the appeals judge returned "" Little William "" to her owner mentions the case of "" Betsy "" , and discusses why that case was not a relevant precedent for the case of "" Little William "" ."	judge
female	9	"The "" New York Times "" reported that the judge in Selena 's case was swayed by her claims of inexperience and lack of training ."	judge
female	11	"In sentencing her to 30 years rather than life , the judge took "" her feeble psychological condition "" as an extenuating circumstance ."	judge
male	14	Rene Joly set legal precedent on May 16 , 1999 , when a Canadian judge ruled that due to his alleged status as an extraterrestrial , he had no legal standing to present his lawsuit .	judge
male	1	"The judge rejected his case , saying it was "" legally reasonable for the Secretary of State to believe that no more worthwhile evidence was likely to emerge . """	judge
male	22	On November 13 , Olson filed a motion requesting to withdraw her guilty plea and acknowledged that she did not misunderstand the judge when he read the charges against her .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his sentence orally in Norman , which was then written in Latin .	judge
male	17	Resistance to the invaders on behalf of the Władysław the Short came from Bogusz , a Pomerelian judge who entrenched himself in the city of Gdansk .	judge
male	5	"In his closing remarks the judge described the attack as "" feral thuggery "" which raised questions about the "" sort of society which exists in this country "" ."	judge
male	23	Although he had been accompanied by five armed soldiers and Blank was unarmed , as well as paralyzed on one side , the judge interpreted his actions as self - defense , since the shoemaker had been guilty of insulting the crown .	judge
male	6	On July 4 , the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit , extension Puerto Cabello , Henry Chirino , ordered his house arrest .	judge
male	5	At his trial , the judge described him as a sexual predator who was a danger to the community and his fellow inmates .	judge
male	7	The plot involved an unpleasant TV talent-show judge who discovers he is dying .	judge
male	2	But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the “ significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . ”	judge
male	1	The judge , Evelyn Baker , ordered his charges run consecutively giving him 241 years in prison and the possibility of parole at 112 .	judge
male	1	The judge denied his request two days later , and rejected the lawsuit on December 13 .	judge
male	17	"The jury finds Chef guilty of "" harassing a major record label "" , after which the judge sets his punishment as either a $ 2 million fine to be paid within 24 hours or , failing that , four years in prison ( the judge initially sentences him to eight million years before being corrected by a court officer ) ."	judge
male	23	On May 14 , 2008 , company founder Harry J. Pappas filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy at the Delaware court , where a judge could order his personal assets sold to pay off creditors .	judge
male	16	Diana testified for over three hours to explain his art to the jury , though the judge denied his request to enter into evidence a stack of his old underground comics , with which Diana wished to illustrate that he was not doing anything unprecedented .	judge
male	8	The buyers were a Washington , D.C. federal judge and his wife , Judge and Mrs. Wade H. Ellis .	judge
male	20	"Booker ultimately received a sentence of 360 months , one within the increased sentencing range and one which the sentencing judge could have imposed after evaluating Booker 's criminal history and whether he had obstructed justice . """	judge
male	16	Soon after taking office , he was accused of illegally ordering the arrest of a probate judge and his wife , Harper S. Bailey and Muna Stubblefield , whom he stated had tried to bribe him with $ 2,000 .	judge
male	7	Stone will not be incarcerated until the judge approves his new motion .	judge
male	11	On October 3 he agreed to repeat this testimony before the judge and his notaries , and he did so from 21:00 to 3:00 AM adding further details .	judge
male	30	"In 2013 , the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals admonished Adams for publicly reprimanding federal public defender Debra Migdal for issuing subpoenas in a criminal case , writing that the judge abused his discretion and that he "" relied on clearly erroneous factual findings . """	judge
male	8	"At the first sift stage a High Court judge refused his appeal on the basis of the full - bench decision in "" McLean v HM Advocate "" ( [ 2010 ]"	judge
male	9	Several years later , Harris would die as a Judge and his estate handed down to his natural children , since the adoption had scepticism surrounding it , Dallam was not on that list .	judge
male	1	The judge left no doubt as to his own low opinion of Bessell 's character ; Auberon Waugh , who was writing a book on the trial , thought that Cantley 's general attitude to other prosecution witnesses became increasingly one - sided .	judge
male	2	A Texas judge blocked the extradition on the grounds that he could be tortured in Venezuela ; the Venezuelan embassy blamed the Department of Homeland Security for refusing to contest such accusations during the trial .	judge
male	20	This judgment can not be made in the abstract ; rather than speak of values as Platonic ideals , the judge must situate his analysis in the facts of the particular case , weighing the different values represented in that context .	judge
male	1	When judge warned Mohammed that he faces execution if convicted of organizing the attacks on America , Mohammed said he welcomes the death penalty .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole .	judge
male	14	Aug 17 , 2013 the lawyer of cleric Khalid Chishti reported that a district judge in Islamabad granted his motion to acquit his Chishti , ruling that the prosecution had not brought forward sufficient evidence to convict the cleric .	judge
male	11	United States Commissioner and Suffolk County , Massachusetts , probate court judge Edward G. Loring remanded Burns to his owner , Charles F. Suttle , of Alexandria , Virginia .	judge
male	13	By the age of ten , he was winning most competitions and a judge suggested that he entered more challenging competitions .	judge
male	4	However , the guest judge , Francesca Peter did n't fancy his version of the song .	judge
male	2	An independent judge , in his view , is one who faithfully applies existing law to the facts of the case at hand , giving due respect to precedent , and resists the temptation to effectively rewrite legislative enactments .	judge
male	4	On 18 June the judge began his summing - up .	judge
male	10	"Bork once said , "" The truth is that the judge who looks outside the Constitution always looks inside himself and nowhere else . """	judge
male	6	Eric explains to them that the judge would grant custody of George to his biological father and because Will never signed the adoption papers he has every right to take George .	judge
male	11	Taking into account Frank 's reputation for getting drunk , the judge rules his death an accident and dismisses the case .	judge
male	2	When the judge asked about his understanding of the proceedings Assange replied :	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge said in his 60-page decision ( ruling in favor of Betsy ) that the testimony revealed "" an astonishing saga of clerical deceit , avarice , and subjugation "" by Stevens , who "" has abused the trust of the claimant as well as the trust of many good and devout members of the church . """	judge
male	3	Gyanendra , a judge lives with his wife Sarama .	judge
male	6	"At his sentencing hearing , the judge made the following statement : "" It 's up to you , Mr. Gilani , to do what you can with the rest of your life ."	judge
male	10	"The body of the supposedly murdered man vanishes with the judge finding himself pursued by the "" Law of the North "" ."	judge
male	4	On 29 May the judge concluded his summing - up , and then ordered the jury to retire to consider its verdicts .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision for a month , but decided to reject RURA 's claim to quash the planning permission .	judge
male	5	In his trial , the judge ruled there was little hope he would ever be in a better condition , and denied the continuance .	judge
male	13	At the outset of the war Chenault , by then a circuit court judge , moved with his family to Texas .	judge
male	1	The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family .	judge
male	5	She complained that “ the judge cunningly deceived us and the U.S. Embassy with his ' complete ' investigation ” .	judge
male	6	After his second arrest , a judge gave him a choice between the military and jail ; Ermey chose the military .	judge
male	12	Clarion Photoplays in New York in 1922 he initially lost because the judge said he had not proved he was the original inventor of the sawing illusion and the trick possibly dated back to ancient Egypt .	judge
male	22	"Quill was obviously in ill health , but immediately before his arrest he told reporters at the Americana Hotel , "" The judge can drop dead in his black robes ."	judge
male	1	The judge stated in his ruling that :	judge
male	1	The judge comes up with a plan to move the trial to another venue , and soon he catches a train to Phoenix to argue before a higher court that the Solitude court is prejudiced .	judge
male	3	The district court judge , now retired , continued his interest by sometimes visiting the community .	judge
male	1	A judge ordered that he pay a fine of 100 , 000 rupees , and sentenced him to death by hanging .	judge
male	5	The next day the trial judge issued his decision rejecting the application for a directed verdict .	judge
male	4	Katju alleged that the judge had been directly appointed as a District Judge in Tamil Nadu and during his career as district judge , there were as many as eight adverse entries against him recorded by various portfolio judges of the Madras High Court .	judge
male	8	Culver became a Republican , and was elected judge of the city court of Brooklyn in 1854 , where he served through 1861 .	judge
male	9	They both loved to go dancing , and the judge was especially proud of his talent at doing the jitterbug .	judge
male	10	His co-defendants vehemently disagreed with this decision , and the judge warned Persico that he would be waiving `` incompetent counsel '' as the grounds for an appeal .	judge
male	0	Judge made his international debut with the Republic of Ireland U17 team in October 2004 , winning five caps and scoring two goals during the team 's failed 2005 European U17 Championship qualifying campaign .	judge
male	6	"In his sentencing remarks , the judge said that it "" was merciful that nobody was killed although four people were injured "" ."	judge
male	21	One day he to save themselves from the finance receivables and takes a trip to Germany where he meets a charming judge with whom he has an affair .	judge
male	7	On 7 March 2014 , a federal judge in the State of Mexico set his trial to motion and formally charged him for his alleged violations of Mexican law .	judge
male	5	In one case , the judge noted that he thinks Krigsman was not a `` credible witness '' and that the parents who brought the case were `` misled by physicians who are guilty , in my view , of gross medical misjudgment .	judge
male	15	Long before the evidence becomes conclusive against the suspects , it becomes apparent that the judge himself is the guilty one .	judge
male	0	Judge began his career as a reporter at City News Bureau of Chicago in 1965 .	judge
male	15	The Kharkiv beheadings was a crime committed in 2012 in Ukraine , in which a judge and his family were beheaded with a machete .	judge
male	2	Being a judge himself , he strongly believed that a judge 's sole purpose was to resolve legal conflicts ; he held that a judge should hand down an opinion only when ruling on an actual case .	judge
male	13	The website was instantly mirrored by supporters , and later that month the judge overturned his previous decision citing First Amendment concerns and questions about legal jurisdiction .	judge
male	22	On September 26 , 2007 , Craig released a statement that he would remain in office until the Hennepin County District Court judge ruled on his motion to withdraw his guilty plea .	judge
male	5	In May 1974 , a judge gave Rawat his consent to marry without parental permission .	judge
male	27	A few days later , it is revealed Geeta was an undercover agent for the secret police , who testifies against Arun in court and makes the judge believe he is a drug dealer .	judge
male	8	"In his 2019 autobiography , former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "" By the Court "" judgement in the "" Quebec Secession Reference "" 1998 consisted of Gonthier , Binnie and Bastarache ."	judge
male	5	In fall 2005 , the judge was driving his wife and daughter to the airport for a vacation when he came across an assailant attacking a cab driver on the side of the road .	judge
male	29	The SEC appealed this decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , which , in June 2014 , vacated Rakoff 's decision , saying the judge had overstepped his authority , and sending the case back to district court .	judge
male	6	During his bail hearing , the judge focused on whether Parasiris was a community or flight risk .	judge
male	13	Boolie hires Hoke Coleburn -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who chauffeured a local judge until he died .	judge
male	1	The judge says that , if these answers are true , then he can not be the real Quomodo , and must be whipped as a counterfeit .	judge
male	6	In other words , when the judge says he is sentencing you to a term of life imprisonment , with a punishment part of 15 years , you must serve every day of those 15 years , but may then only be released on the recommendation of a parole board .	judge
male	13	Finally , the Court ruled that in this particular case , the trial judge did not abuse his authority .	judge
male	0	Judge died from pancreatic cancer at his Chicago home on June 14 , 2019 .	judge
male	6	In 1326 the corrupt and unpopular judge Roger Beler was murdered by Eustace Folville and his Gang .	judge
male	9	He is sentenced to life imprisonment and the trial judge recommends that he should serve at least 30 years before being considered for parole , meaning that he is likely to remain in prison until at least 2029 and the age of 54 .	judge
male	1	A judge gave Jones six months probation on the condition he stay out of trouble and away from the nightclub .	judge
male	2	Campbellthe senior judge at Palmer ’s trialsuggested in his autobiography that , had Palmer been tried at Stafford Assizes , he would have been found not guilty .	judge
male	21	Norman R. Barnard ( January 25 , 1914 – July 15 , 1998 ) , an Oakland County , Michigan probate judge from 1963–1988 , was best known for his role in the creation and development of the city of Troy , Michigan .	judge
male	2	"The senior judge ( "" Pfleger "" ) had his seat in Garmisch , where he held his hearings ( "" Gerichtstage "" ) ."	judge
male	1	The judge defends his decision by stating that the Jordan High team convinced him that the structure of debate is flawed , but then the debaters went on to use the very structure of debate to continue to defend their arguments .	judge
male	3	Costa told the judge presiding over the trial that while he did not object to some delay in the trial , `` the requested continuance of two years is excessive .	judge
male	1	"The judge could n't rule on the copyright , but he suggested that the Continental version be renamed "" Sister Beatrice "" ; it was shown at the London Pavilion that same day with the title "" Sister Beatrix "" ."	judge
male	14	Saying you do not have time to do what is right is like a judge saying he does not have time to review the applicable law .	judge
male	1	The judge did not believe his explanation and found him guilty on the charge .	judge
male	25	In 1886 , he was accused of corrupt electoral practices for expenses in connection with the purchase of the newspaper and voter registration but the judge ruled in his favour .	judge
male	9	The first century Jewish historian Josephus related that every judge had two such officers under his command .	judge
male	23	Carrie Fisher -LRB- Actress Star Wars and writer -RRB- said his work `` was the most visual they have seen '' whereas fellow judge and director Brett Ratner said he was `` a big fan '' .	judge
male	4	In October , the judge rejected his arguments and required him to pay the full amount demanded by prosecutors .	judge
male	5	In his verdict , the judge , Lord Ellenborough decided that in cases where an individual was bound to do a duty under an existing contract , that duty could not be considered valid consideration for a new contract .	judge
male	7	On 11 May 2006 , a federal judge in Toluca , State of Mexico increased his sentence to 44 years .	judge
male	2	"But the judge stayed action on his ruling pending a government appeal , recognizing in his 68-page opinion the "" significant national security interests at stake in this case and the novelty of the constitutional issues . """	judge
male	30	"Dismissing the allegations of a "" larger conspiracy "" behind the post - Godhra riots , including the Gulberg Society massacre , involving politicians and government machinery , special designated judge P B Desai said in his judgment that "" the controversy , in my opinion , has been laid to rest and is required to be given its due burial "" ."	judge
male	3	A three - judge panel presided over his widely publicized six - month trial in which he was found guilty in November 1964 .	judge
male	31	Other possibilities include a George Wishart , Baillie of Dundee , who allied himself with Beaton 's murderers ; and Sir John Wishart ( d. 1576 ) , afterwards a Scottish judge .	judge
male	8	Charges were filed against Rose , but a judge ruled that he did not directly incite the riot .	judge
male	11	Holzapfel pulled a pistol from under his shirt and forced the judge and his wife into the boat .	judge
male	18	The two parties with their witnesses pleaded their respective cases , usually without any counsel , and the judge would pass his judgment after the first or second hearing .	judge
male	17	In such an eventuality , the chief justice — or in his absence , the senior most judge of the Supreme Court of India available — discharges the functions of the president until a newly elected president enters upon his office or a newly elected vice - president begins to act as president under Article 65 of the constitution , whichever is the earlier .	judge
male	1	"The judge referred to Solomon as being "" evil - disposed "" , another indication of the large notoriety he had garnered ."	judge
male	6	However , in his ruling the judge said : “ It was however incredibly stupid , as he himself has accepted , and gave rise to justifiable suspicions as to his conduct and the conduct of a number of others .	judge
male	22	"A good example was in the case of "" Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) "" where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction ."	judge
male	16	On January 5 , 2000 , the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the judge who sentenced Tocco originally was too lenient in his sentence .	judge
male	15	"This was challenged by those who had lost money in his company , and a judge described his explanation that it was done for inheritance tax reasons as "" highly unconvincing "" ."	judge
male	12	"Gay rights activists complained that Carlo Deodato , the Council of State judge who drafted the sentence , defines himself as "" Catholic , married and father of two "" and had already expressed his disapproval of same - sex marriage via Twitter and therefore could not be considered impartial ."	judge
male	7	At his trial in 1927 , the judge directed a verdict in Jack 's favor on the basis of the state 's failure to prove its case .	judge
male	1	The judge gave his opinion that the defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt , that defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book 's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury .	judge
male	32	Governor Matt Mead 's office released a statement that the state will decline to appeal the ruling and notified the court on October 21 of that decision , at which point the judge lifted his stay and same - sex couples began obtaining marriage licenses .	judge
male	3	Nevertheless , the judge carried a loaded pistol in his car throughout the time he presided over these cases .	judge
male	0	Judge hit his first career home run over the Green Monster on September 8 .	judge
male	2	"The presiding judge , Charles Cooper Nott Jr. , wrote in his decision that "" ..."	judge
male	17	The judge dismissed the motion , as well as a tactically questionable motion by Stone that the judge himself was prejudiced in the case and should withdraw .	judge
male	2	The trial judge sentenced Anderson to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole , which would keep him in prison until at least 2003 .	judge
male	14	""" If no harm is done , there is no crime "" , the judge wrote in his decision ."	judge
male	5	"In his ruling , the judge stated that "" de facto relationship(s ) may be described as "" marriage - like "" but it is not a marriage and has significant differences socially , financially and emotionally . """	judge
male	13	Like his modern fictions , it adroitly intertwines three plots and shows the judge and his aides in their now familiar guise .	judge
male	8	On November 10 , 2010 , a federal judge sentenced Karatz to probation for a term of five years , including eight months of home detention , for his role in the Company ’s stock option back - dating procedures .	judge
male	3	Federal district court judge Andrew Kleinfeld heard the case but recused himself because he was an Alaska resident and thus a Permanent Fund Dividend recipient .	judge
male	27	"Judge Carrie Fisher chose "" Midnight Snack "" as her favorite film , Garry Marshall chose "" Eternal Waters "" as his favorite film , and guest judge Eli Roth chose "" The Malibu Myth "" as his favorite film ."	judge
male	0	Judge traces his career as a journalist after obtaining his undergraduate degree .	judge
male	1	"The judge suggested in his decision that the outcome might have been different if she had instead appealed the conviction , on the basis that the law was being used improperly by the theatre owner to enforce a "" Jim Crow "" type of segregation ."	judge
male	1	The judge based his decision on the period between 2013 and 2018 .	judge
male	4	In earlier years the judge exercised much influence through his political alliance with Dudley and his marriage , in 1718 , to Governor Leverett 's daughter Sarah , following the death of his first wife .	judge
male	4	There was only one judge in the Western District of Wisconsin at the time , Judge James Edward Doyle , but he recused himself as a friend of the magazine .	judge
male	28	"In 2013 , Judge collaborated with Seth MacFarlane on a mashup episode of "" Family Guy "" , in which , complete with a "" Hill""-themed opening , Judge reprises his role as Hank Hill ."	judge
male	3	The trial court judge denied his motion orally ; later , the Appellate Court officially released a written opinion that upheld the decision .	judge
male	1	The judge can not believe what is occurring and tries to convince him to make amends , but he disregards their suggestions and leaves the courthouse .	judge
male	8	"He is known for his appearances as a judge in numerous television food series and for his reviews of restaurant meals around the UK and overseas for "" GQ , "" "" Esquire , "" and "" The Mail on Sunday . """	judge
male	8	Shortly after his arrival in Prescott , the judge learned that the practice of law in Arizona was significantly better paying than that of judge .	judge
male	14	No evidence was produced in court to support the prosecution case , and the judge simply based his decision on the indictment document submitted by Iran 's intelligence ministry .	judge
male	2	A California judge who he appeared before in San Mateo complimented his presentation , calling it “ lucid and eminently instructive . ”	judge
male	10	Rather than send the children to the orphanage , the judge took them home to his own family , and provided for the boys until relatives in Italy could be contacted and arrangements made to bring over family members .	judge
male	8	In October , a Thurston County Superior Court judge ruled that the legislature acted properly and in the public 's interest , and he dismissed the pending lawsuit .	judge
male	4	Will McLaury , a judge in Fort Worth , Texas , claimed in a letter he wrote during the hearing after the shoot out that Tom and Frank were planning to conduct business before leaving town to visit him in Fort Worth .	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the court , Merrick B. Garland , recused himself , as he was also President Obama 's US Supreme Court nominee .	judge
male	8	Alex is frustrated by Sol , but the judge will not change his assignment .	judge
male	6	At his bail hearing , the judge makes Wade relinquish his passport in exchange for being released on bail again ; in frustration , Shaft resigns from the police force , promising to bring Wade to justice on his own terms .	judge
male	4	"In his sentence the judge stated that "" to refer to what happened as a confrontation is to close one ’s eyes to reality , since [ … ] there is no doubt that , in truth , it was a massacre disguised as repossession of property "" ."	judge
male	19	He was born on February 24 , 1756 , in Rožňava , his father Makaya Francis Xavier was a judge and his mother Mary Nagyová .	judge
male	11	Andrew tells her that she should have another drink and not judge since he does not .	judge
male	3	In 1978 the judge ended his supervision of the project , but the decree remained in effect in some places .	judge
male	2	The trial judge , Carmen Espinosa , permitted evidence of Snelgrove 's prison letters and past convictions at his murder trial , and combined with the circumstantial evidence , Snelgrove was convicted of the murder of Rodriguez .	judge
male	18	The Russian soldier was later found guilty of negligence in his use of his weapons , but a judge suspended his sentence as Chechen war participant .	judge
male	6	"In his summing up , the judge said the trial had "" regrettably shown evidence of racial hatred on both sides "" , a statement the Metropolitan Police attempted , unsuccessfully , to have withdrawn ."	judge
male	8	The brief published by HAF says that the judge ruled in favor of retaining the edits on the grounds that he did not wish to disrupt the process of disseminating the revised editions at this stage .	judge
male	18	Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give him a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice , and that he must select Nick as a juror .	judge
male	5	In his ruling , the judge found that the dominant leadership of the United Democratic Front , Moses Chikane , Mosiuoa Lekota , and Popo Molefe were responsible for forming a revolutionary climate against the state .	judge
male	41	He was extradited to the United States , and at his bail hearing in July 2016 , Tuzman claimed to have few assets left and significant liabilities , but prosecutors noted that Tuzman was wearing a $ 70,000 watch and the judge doubled his bail to $ 5 million .	judge
male	4	Kraken became a Dark Judge himself ( albeit a mortal one ) .	judge
male	13	Johnnie reveals himself to Judge Holden as a government marshal , and the judge voices his opinion that Curtwright is the leader of the road agents , but voices it in the presence of his granddaughter , Louise Holden .	judge
male	18	The father of the long - ago slain boy contacted the Alabama courts to report that the California judge was impersonating his own son James Ware who was an employee in a Birmingham power plant .	judge
male	9	Craig attempted to marry Carly Tenney to make a judge think he was a family man .	judge
male	1	The judge , in his ruling , once again sided with Shaikh ..	judge
male	2	Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise .	judge
male	2	"After the judge announced his verdict , Dhingra is said to have stated : "" I am proud to have the honour of laying down my life for my country ."	judge
male	6	At Karma 's trial , the judge mocked his Christian beliefs and gave him triple the sentence that the prosecution had requested .	judge
male	3	In 1780 the judge lost his position due to accusations of sympathy with rebels in the American Revolutionary War ; he returned with his family to Charleston .	judge
male	6	"In his final comments , the judge described the club as "" A foul den of iniquity which was corrupting the youth of London """	judge
male	26	"On the March 3 , 2011 edition of "" Impact "" , when the case settled , Hogan made his return and publicly announced that the judge ruled in his favor , and he would take full control of TNA as the owner , while Carter would only "" provide the money "" ."	judge
male	1	The judge at Lee ' s 1983 appeal stated that he was confident that Lee ' s statements were `` freely given '' and the paper later withdrew the allegations and offered an apology , with the case finally settling out of court in 1987 .	judge
male	4	In 2009 , a judge restored his right of appeal to satisfy the treaty obligation , and took ten years off his sentence .	judge
male	5	"In his judgement , the judge called the state 's case "" fragmented and confusing "" , and that it was largely superficial , hoping to convince the court of Basson 's guilt in a manner which fell far short of the standard "" beyond reasonable doubt "" ."	judge
male	2	So the judge can decide to lock the terrorists up for life , if he decides the terrorist will be too great a danger if released .	judge
male	2	As a judge Fortescue was recommended for his wisdom , gravity and uprightness , and he is said to have been favoured by the king .	judge
male	14	"During the ceremony , Dietrich backed towards some doors to close them ; the judge interrupted his oration , and without change in tone or pace said : """	judge
male	3	A supreme court judge reserved his decision .	judge
male	23	A repentant porn addict enlists the aid of his filmmaker friend and his Porn Addicts Anonymous sponsor in hopes of convincing both the judge and his ex - wife that he 's given up smut once and for all in this mockumentary featuring Kenny Vs .	judge
male	6	On November 28 , a federal judge granted a motion by Roof to represent himself .	judge
male	12	He held membership of the Berlin Academy and was also organizer and judge of international exhibitions , even though he had his home in Munich .	judge
male	15	"Judge Andrew Wilson was imbalanced in his summing up of the case ... the learned judge made his directions to the assessors on behalf of the prosecution thus influencing the assessors ' decisions in that my clients were guilty as charged , "" "" he alleged ."	judge
male	2	The chief judge of the show is a foremost expert in almost all wooden boats in general , and he has the expertise to oversee the entire process , and is a source for lead judges , as lead judges are for the judges , to clarify on questions , and make a final decision .	judge
male	15	While Chong argued for community service and home detention at his sentencing , the district judge , Arthur J. Schwab , denied his requests and sentenced him to 9 months in federal prison , a fine of $ 20,000 , forfeiture of $ 103,514 , and the loss of all merchandise seized during the raid of his business .	judge
male	6	In his summing up , the judge urged the jury to put aside their emotions :	judge
male	25	She and her mother Miriam Charlesworth were sentenced to three years ' penal servitude ( reduced from an initial sentence of five years when the judge reconsidered his verdict ) ; their appeal against the sentence was dismissed .	judge
male	14	He is sentenced to life imprisonment at the Old Bailey , where the trial judge recommends that he serves at least 34 years before parole can be considered .	judge
male	31	Reserve judges either supplement judges in jurisdictions that do not have the number of judges needed , or act as an alternate judge in jurisdictions with a single judge when that judge is substituted or must recuse himself .	judge
male	1	The judge ruled that activists could not stay in the building overnight , but he ordered authorities to end the lockdown on the building and restore normal access by March 6 .	judge
male	0	Judge was firm in his belief that corruption was entrenched at the Board , but the Commission found otherwise .	judge
male	3	Brevard was elected judge of the State supreme court December 17 , 1801 , and served until December 1815 , when he resigned .	judge
male	5	In his report , the judge recommended modification of the lever actuating the automatic pilot .	judge
male	7	Spratt lost in this case and the judge regretted that he could not grant the defendant court costs .	judge
male	8	After a hearing that lasted 62 days the judge found in his favour and awarded damages of over £ 40,000 plus costs .	judge
male	1	The judge reserved his decision on 1 June 2017 .	judge
male	1	The judge was particularly scathing in his review of the RCMP probe of Sorbara .	judge
male	9	Mr. Sawatzky fell under the umbrella , so the judge ruled in his favor .	judge
male	8	The difference may lie in how actively the judge pursues this position and how he comes to be persuaded .	judge
male	2	The federal judge has indicated he will rule in an expedited fashion on any U .	judge
male	33	Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Research and Advocacy Director at Amnesty said : “ Jailing a human rights defender for her peaceful activities is abhorrent but the fact that the judge in Nasrin Sotoudeh ’s case used his discretion to ensure that she stays locked up for more than is required under Iranian law compounds the outrageous injustice of her sentence ” .	judge
male	3	In 1987 a judge agreed with Brandley ' s attorneys that he had not received a fair trial .	judge
male	12	In these , Majczek stated that following his conviction , the trial judge , Charles P. Molthrop , told Majczek that he believed a miscarriage of justice had occurred and promised him a new trial .	judge
male	4	Morgan ' s trial judge recommended that he should spend at least 30 years in prison before being considered for parole , a recommendation which is expected to keep him behind bars until at least 2034 and the age of 53 .	judge
