female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :	manager
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .	manager
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
