female	17	"So yes , that was humbling . "" Addressing the effects of stigma against HCWs My healthcare assistant was told by her landlord to pack up and leave on a Friday afternoon , after he found out that she worked in our hospital ."	assistant
female	6	The masked face of a young nurse holding her own gloved cell phone as a faith leader remotely offers a blessing to a dying patient from afar is a frequent image that offers both comfort and angst .	nurse
female	1	The nurse in charge of the village health center suspected the true cause of her illness and informed the authorities , but JJ 's family objected .	nurse
female	1	Another nurse in the non-evacuated area evacuated her children to another prefecture where relatives lived ; however , she stayed back [ 18 ] .	nurse
female	11	Also in March , the Italian Nursing Federation reported that another nurse ended her life through suicide under similar circumstances in Venice ( FNOPI , 2020 ) .	nurse
female	26	She was quarantined on the SARS ward , taking her own temperature and communicating her physical examination findings by means of a bedside phone to the nurse who guarded her door .	nurse
female	9	For example , Fang Fang , a veteran Chinese writer who lived in Wuhan , posted her thoughts on life in quarantine on her or her friend 's Weibo account .	writer
female	3	Kate 's resourceful assistant , Leonardo , helps her focus on work and avoid problems in her personal life , such as with her soon-tobe-ex-husband , Justin .	assistant
female	18	"She has asked her nurse several times if she really needs "" those shots , "" and the nurse has relayed her concerns to you ."	nurse
female	8	Moreover , 6 medical staff , namely one nurse , expressed her fear over catching a virus when withdrawing a student 's blood for lab tests .	nurse
female	1	A nurse from Toronto in the study by Moore et al. ( 2005 ) described her experiences :	nurse
female	8	"Echoing the sentiments of her colleagues , one teacher said , "" This just filled my heart ."	teacher
female	13	Another case that shattered millions of hearts across the world was of a nurse who has reportedly taken her own life after being tested positive out of the fear of spreading the disease to others .	nurse
female	1	The counselor was able to capitalize on this new awareness and either probe Kylie 's feelings more or de-escalate her emotions before they became too intense .	counselor
female	8	Through the online learning platform used , the teacher learned more about her students ' out-of-class learning activities as well as in-class activities and customized her scaffolding and feedback strategies .	teacher
female	27	For example , the mother of Case 1 reported that her child became cooperative in his extracurricular piano lessons , after she shared the strategy with the teacher that had helped motivating her child to do homework .	teacher
female	24	What is the teacher 's desire , and why ca n't the student somehow match it ? And further , why ca n't the teacher match the demand of her students ?	teacher
female	21	The main results of this case study highlighted that FC has the potential to transform mathematics teaching fundamentally , as the teacher changed her teaching in secondary mathematics classrooms quite considerably .	teacher
female	26	On 25 January 2020 , day one of the Lunar New Year and two days after the city of Wuhan entered lockdown , the famous Chinese writer Fang Fang started writing her online diary in her flat not far from the local Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market identified as a possible source of Covid-19 ( Maron 2020 ) .	writer
female	3	When Anna met nurse , Mariah , to discuss her diagnosis and treatment further , Mariah accurately perceived that Anna was the type of patient that would benefit from being well-informed , based on the number of questions she asked during the consultation .	nurse
female	1	The nurse in LC1 , Jackie , understood her role as being focused on forming an interpersonal connection , congruent with William 's understanding of a nurses ' role .	nurse
female	1	This nurse later transitioned her children to home school after the incident .	nurse
female	1	The nurse washed her hands with a hydroalcoholic solution before and after drawing blood , but she did not wear gloves .	nurse
female	2	• The nurse trails a wake of smoke behind her as she moves forward .	nurse
female	12	They had a variety of roles during the pandemic : a school teacher who used her drone to video document the city when people were confined to homes during the lockdown period , a Wuhan resident who owned a local Japanese restaurant , a migrant construction worker who participated in building the Thunder God Mountain Hospital , a granddaughter who lost her grandfather , etc .	teacher
female	0	Nurse leader Lori describes in her own words her commitment to caring leadership I would like to say , like Abby has said , I 'm there for them and they know that .	nurse
female	4	Miss Tanner , the nurse who “ knew her business , had snatched back from death with her own hands ” , gives Miranda the letters that arrived during her fever .	nurse
female	6	One participant appreciated having the same nurse administer her chemotherapy , a consistent presence even if family could not be there .	nurse
female	2	The primary nurse repeated her request once again , but this time implicitly with a rising intonation , implying a request , /HURRY↑/ ( line 20 ) .	nurse
female	1	The nurse rubbed her hands with alcohol based hand rub ( ABHR ) before and after suctioning .	nurse
female	1	This teacher taught students with social and emotional disabilities and focused her global learning lesson plan on empathybuilding .	teacher
female	1	The nurse was discharged after her RT-PCR became negative and isolated at home for another 14 days before resuming her work at the private hospital .	nurse
female	0	Counselor continues her sessions of supportive therapy for him and his wife .	counselor
female	6	""" Certainly , "" says the cashier cheerfully , taking off her mask . "" What would you like ? "" You order the mcrib ."	cashier
female	25	On May 1 , 2003 , a head nurse from one of the closed hospitals died of SARS in our hospital and became the first nurse who lost her life in caring for SARS patients .	nurse
female	2	Yet another nurse expressed her thanks for the caring and continued support .	nurse
female	11	( Wynn & Peter , 2003 , p. 207 ) One nurse expresses her views as follows : ' ' I am ordered into quarantine and feel as though such a restriction could apply only to some plague-threatened inhabitant of the Middle Ages ' ' ( Ellacott , 2003 , p. 14 ) .	nurse
female	3	We had one nurse who actually lost her whole house and they were really supportive about getting her new uniforms and helping her get to work .	nurse
female	2	A 32-yearold nurse from Kerala who cured from COVID-19 has joined her duty .	nurse
female	1	The nurse promoted her inclusion in infant care needs such as stoma care .	nurse
female	5	She was a very unfair teacher , who divided her students into three levels .	teacher
female	6	Duty re-arrangement was made as one nurse expressed her wish to help the bereaved family to prepare for the funeral .	nurse
female	17	Vignettes from our conversations with veterans Having navigated the medical landscape of war , a former Vietnam nurse parallels her experiences triaging and treating wounded soldiers to the challenges of our current pandemic .	nurse
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	2	One Australian nurse explained her sense of helplessness and frustration to the first author :	nurse
female	3	An emergency room nurse in New York where infections and deaths soared , powerfully described her experiences on public Facebook posts :	nurse
female	11	When asked to comment on the image of nurses , a nurse who found her work satisfactory said that :	nurse
female	1	A nurse shared her sense of satisfaction gained from witnessing patients ' improved health outcomes : I am pleased when I witness patients being discharged home .	nurse
female	1	This counselor adheres to stringent decontamination procedures before entering her home and continues to report to work despite a lingering wariness .	counselor
female	15	This really puts a lot of stress on us . ( Nurse 14 ) A nurse who was married further revealed her tension , commenting that :	nurse
female	3	A Site 1 nurse described her history wearing protective equipment :	nurse
female	11	In this article , an intensive care unit ( ICU ) nurse provides some reflections on caring for patients with COVID-19 and relates her lived experience to the concept of resilience .	nurse
female	17	A brief interview with her after hours confirmed that she was interested in and might become a nurse to enact her key life themes .	nurse
female	1	The teacher just completed her yoga training in Portland , Oregon , and kindly provided free online classes .	teacher
female	4	In addition , a nurse stated her reasons for refusing to be vaccinated , even as she was required to participate in managing EIDs .	nurse
female	11	Following the occupational exposure process , the observer then instructed the nurse to remove her gloves carefully , disinfect her hands , and dispose of the ripped gloves .	nurse
female	15	In one report , five neonatal cases in one unit were traced to an infected nurse and her cat [ 131 ] .	nurse
female	4	Prolonged therapy for the nurse and her cat was necessary to clear their infections .	nurse
female	15	A mother of two ( 5 and 9 years old ) , who was a teacher working full time but had started working from home , as well as her husband , said that :	teacher
female	9	The patient in LC3 , Anna , recalled her nurse and surgeon fulfilling the roles in a congruent way with how the nurse , Mariah , described them .	nurse
female	2	B. A teacher and her class wade into Great Salt Lake ( Utah , USA ) to collect samples to study under field microscopes .	teacher
female	50	Liberation theology advocates a preferential option for the poor and its exponents and practitioners have stood beside peasant resistance movements in Latin America , even as US trained and sponsored death squads of the Salvadorean military and police forces assassinated many of their leaders , including six Jesuits , their housekeeper , and her daughter in 1979 in their residence on the campus of the Jesuit Central American University ( UCA ) in San Salvador , El Salvador .	housekeeper
female	12	In addition , if a female nurse is pregnant , both the nurse and her fetus are at risk of infection , which causes psychological stress to the mother .	nurse
female	24	In one report , five neonatal cases in one unit were traced to an infected nurse and her cat.154 Prolonged therapy for both the nurse and her cat was necessary to clear their infections .	nurse
female	20	It became clear that Mrs. X was unable to voluntarily isolate in her room , despite frequent interactions with her nurse and other staff .	nurse
female	8	Ms. Oh 1 is a nonnative English-speaking local teacher , and her coteacher , Ms. Banahan , is a native English-speaking teacher from England .	teacher
female	44	Peter Licona and Gregory Kelly 's contribution , Translanguaging in a middle school science classroom : constructing scientific arguments in English and Spanish , examines the ways in which a bilingual teacher translanguaged and considers how engaging in scientific practices was constructed by the teacher and her emergent bilingual students across English and Spanish language practices .	teacher
female	5	In this study , our teacher used technology as a tool to make her teaching differentiated and more interactive , but of course technology can provide many more possibilities for enriching the mathematics classrooms .	teacher
female	38	"My goal is to make a connection through one of the websites that I found and hope we can have a meaningful connection with another teacher , individual or student from around the world . "" The other teacher stated her issue was student access to technology : "" I am still not in a place to fully carry out a SUCCESSFUL global lesson plan ."	teacher
female	2	A 22-year-old nurse who contracted COVID-19 has attempted suicide and her condition was critical ( National Herald , 2020 ) .	nurse
female	9	The patient 's case was discussed with her bedside nurse , who confirmed that SARS-CoV-2 was considered by her primary team , but given the absence of exposures , testing for this agent was not pursued .	nurse
female	4	In Kenya , a nurse explained that her primary care centre had diverted its emergency resources to COVID-19 preparedness :	nurse
female	1	"Another librarian said her library began turning off their Wi-Fi at night after a neighboring district 's librarian received a letter threatening to shut down the library 's internet because it had been used for "" illegal activity ."	librarian
female	9	This study shows that the professional practice of a nurse was informed by her self-understanding .	nurse
female	7	With her background in gynaecological oncology , nurse Cathy Hughes is well suited to her job as cancer lead at the National Patient Safety Agency .	nurse
female	2	The chief nurse of a major teaching hospital , she has just been awarded a DBE for her work on clinical governance at the Department of Health ( DoH ) .	nurse
female	4	Beverley Hallpike , consultant nurse at Norfolk and Waveney Mental Health Partnership NHS Trust , was presented with her Innovative and Creative Practice certificate from the Queen 's Nursing Institute last month for the successful completion of a 12-month project working with dementia patients .	nurse
female	8	The experimentally manipulated sexual orientation of a female counselor was not related to the perceptions of her Expertness , Attractiveness , or Trustworthiness rated by 8 male and 22 female , heterosexual college students .	counselor
female	2	A flight nurse should not necessarily stop flying at the beginning of her pregnancy .	nurse
female	2	Only one nurse , however , who took her first course on the campus with a voucher , subsequently enrolled in the graduate nursing program during the study period .	nurse
female	8	Dementia rating scales were used by the trained nurse , who noted her clinical observations systematically as well .	nurse
female	1	The nurse enhances her utilization of the therapeutic community by knowledge of roles enacted by staff , patients , and self .	nurse
female	1	A nurse who invented a game to explain the risks of body piercings has won £ 4,000 to extend her project .	nurse
female	1	The nurse is then able to devote her time positively to the more involved needs of the patient and family .	nurse
female	8	The literature was reviewed , and a genetic counselor lends her expertise as to how couples with RPL and sperm chromosomal abnormalities ought to be counseled .	counselor
female	1	A nurse with newly diagnosed cancer presents her stream-of-consciousness impressions of this event , its meaning for her life , and the ways in which the gift of kindness makes a difference .	nurse
female	1	A nurse shares her experience of what she describes as an extremely rewarding role .	nurse
female	10	Here , follow the case of Maria , a 42-year-old teacher who is experiencing her first depressive episode .	teacher
female	1	A librarian shares her views on information literacy .	librarian
female	4	We hypothesized that a nurse providing telehospice care via videophone would gain access to rich nonverbal emotional signals from the caregiver and communicate her own social presence to the caregiver , to potentially enhance the building of empathy between nurse and caregiver .	nurse
female	1	The nurse who blew the whistle on poor care at Stafford Hospital collected her OBE last week .	nurse
female	6	"SUMMARY The essay examines how one writer turns her life experience into fiction , and explores the question so often asked of fiction writers , "" Is that story really true ? "" Author Lesléa Newman uses her own work to show how the experience of losing her good friend , the poet Gerard Rizza , to AIDS , translated into a short story , a children 's book and a novel told in fifty poems ."	writer
female	18	We report a case of closed traumatic rupture of the thenar muscles in an otherwise healthy 33-year-old female nurse who sustained a hyperabduction injury of her right thumb and wrist during a daily occupational routine , resulting in complete avulsion of the right abductor pollicis brevis and opponens pollicis from their origins .	nurse
female	14	A nursing student who had cancer as a child has been reunited with the nurse who helped save her life .	nurse
female	1	The librarian of a hospital medical library that was opened to the public three years ago records her observations on the response of public users and the hospital 's professional staffs .	librarian
female	6	In this article , a novice nurse researcher relates her personal experience of encountering a challenging situation while taking consent from the parents of a critically ill child .	nurse
female	1	One housekeeper experienced itchiness of her face , angioedema , and lightheadedness immediately after inflating a latex balloon .	housekeeper
female	3	A child health nurse from the mother and infant welfare protection service describes her work in prisons , with women prisoners and their children .	nurse
female	9	( 3 ) In this case , the psychiatric nurse did not discharge her obligations as guarantor and failed to prevent the patient from committing suicide .	nurse
female	9	The researcher came to the conclusion that the community nurse refrains form near/close contact with the mentally retarded individual , to bridge her own discomfort .	nurse
female	20	Analysis of the data indicated that barriers in the form of gate-keepers were present and they could impede the school nurse in fulfilling her role as a health educator .	nurse
female	2	A pediatric nurse reflects on her practice by recounting her experience while caring for a child with Guillian Barre 20 years ago .	nurse
female	1	Medical nurse from urological branch of the Moscow hospital No. 29 has penetrated by syringe needle her hand after performing of intravenous injection to the patient with imported P. falciparum malaria .	nurse
female	28	Angela Perrett , RCN Wales Librarian and Information Services Manager , writes about the co-ordinating centre 's development in Wales , and Helen Nethercott , a practice development nurse at the Pembrokeshire and Derwen NHS Trust , recounts her experience of the interactive Internet workshop .	nurse
female	8	In the form of a letter , the writer communicates to Freud her appreciation for the incomparable richness and complexity of the psychoanalytic enterprise in its century-long evolution from classical , Freudian origins to new developments in theory and technique .	writer
female	14	LIKE MANY people who prove themselves in responsible roles , Maureen Naughton , chief nurse at Leeds Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust , has developed her position to reflect her personal qualities and the demands of an increasingly complex job .	nurse
female	15	A 16-month-old girl who was hospitalized with pneumonia and treated with antibiotics died after the nurse erroneously connected her intravenous left forearm catheter to the oxygen supply .	nurse
female	7	The new position is staffed by a librarian who divides her time equally between two locations : the Childrens Hospital Library and the Norris Medical Library .	librarian
female	3	A new medical librarian at Michigan State University Libraries engaged her user base outside of established duties , learned new skills , and challenged preconceived notions about librarians ' roles .	librarian
female	14	With the increasing emphasis on efficiency and effectiveness in health care , how a nurse manages her time is an important consideration .	nurse
female	12	Six groups of approximately ten people each watched a video showing a nurse stating her concerns about AIDS .	nurse
female	20	The program was not perceived to fit a mother 's needs when she was overwhelmed with other responsibilities , the nurse did not meet her expectations , the content was not of interest , or the mother did not desire visits after the infant was born .	nurse
female	3	The infection control nurse is then able to spend her time on special studies and investigations as well as employee education .	nurse
female	7	To fulfill these expectations the mental health nurse consultant should identify her role in light of the above findings and attempt to integrate her job within the boundaries set forth by her hospital , the nursing team with whom she is working , and the patient 's needs .	nurse
female	1	A nurse relays her experience with the death of her 10-year-old nephew , and offers resources for helping children and families facing death .	nurse
female	18	Here , one genetic counselor discusses her experiences , and the lessons she learned , as a new counselor trying to learn the ropes while simultaneously navigating the unfamiliar territory of her pregnancy .	counselor
female	18	In U.S. military medical history , she is one of seventy-eight nurse POWs ; and the only chief nurse in navy medical history to continue her duties while in enemy captivity .	nurse
female	2	A 22-year-old nurse underwent piercing of her right eyebrow 4 months previously .	nurse
female	5	In this article , guest writer Ivana Truccolo presents an overview of her work at the Scientific and Patient Library of a Cancer Comprehensive Centre in Italy coordinating the patient education process .	writer
female	15	Prior to providing anticipatory guidance to a woman approaching or at middle age , the nurse should explore her own and her client 's expectations of middle age and work to dispel any existing myths .	nurse
female	3	How does a nurse go about maintaining her level of competence when she is one of the few local practitioners in her field ? Vancouver sex therapist Bianca Rucker is doing it by cultivating a network of colleagues and mentors in related fields both at home and across the continent .	nurse
female	1	The nurse spent 43 % of her time without the doctor and more than half of this duration was dedicated to meetings with patients .	nurse
female	3	Finally , the counselor describes her experience of psychosynthesis as a Christian in the therapeutic setting .	counselor
female	1	This writer evaluated her symptoms , level of function , roles , and interests using a variety of assessments .	writer
female	2	A volunteer nurse shares her experience of designing and setting up such a consultation , in partnership with a pulmonologist .	nurse
female	3	One home care nurse went beyond the expected during the floods of the Midwest by taking her charge to her home to care for him there .	nurse
female	2	A Leicester nurse , concerned by the amount of mental health problems on a city housing estate , has finally achieved her ambition to set up a self-help group for stressed and depressed women .	nurse
female	5	In this article , a nurse shares her philosophy of nursing , underlying beliefs , and discusses how this guides her practice .	nurse
female	5	These data indicate that the nurse acquired her infection from a source other than the index infant , either within the hospital or within the community .	nurse
female	7	On the other hand , a visiting nurse , who understood the patient 's strong desire to stay at home and live her life as usual , also assisted in reducing the caretaker 's high anxiety .	nurse
female	6	This article describes how a staff nurse changed the routine nature of her work on a mother/baby unit .	nurse
female	4	In this article a nurse relates her experience as caregiver for a patient who made repeated racially motivated comments .	nurse
female	38	This paper documents Landauer 's hesitation , prior to May 1940 when the Germans invaded the country , whether to emigrate a second time , and it reconstructs how he lost his positions as training analyst and psychoanalytic teacher after falling in love with a patient and starting an intimate relationship with her .	teacher
female	1	A nurse and mother writes anonymously about her transgender child , and describes her feelings through the multi-layered coming out process .	nurse
female	5	However , if the school nurse has a clear perception of her own role and its inherent limits , if she takes every opportunity for staff development through inservice education or graduate work in counseling and human development , then she is in a unique and invaluable position to assume a role of major importance in the pupil personnel team within the school .	nurse
female	2	The registered nurse gave her full and informed consent for the author to tell her story .	nurse
female	1	A nurse and member of a mobile support care and palliative care unit shares her experience of working in a team using sophrology to relieve the anxiety resulting from the wearing of a mask in radiotherapy .	nurse
female	3	The private practice nurse has her own particular holistic vision for helping patients to remain living in their home .	nurse
female	8	Basing her actions on her feelings , the nurse is able to comfort a man who is dying .	nurse
female	13	The efficiency of reporting was close to 100 % when the infection control nurse spent 100 % of her time on surveillance .	nurse
female	1	This nurse entrepreneur found her career niche in influencing legislation that impacts patients and the health care system .	nurse
female	6	In this column , a DAISY nurse shares her thoughts on her role , her professional journey to explore moral distress and ethical decision making , and the lessons learned that led to her recognition with The DAISY Award and the joyful celebration .	nurse
female	3	A children 's nurse in the Republic of Ireland describes her experience working with children with complex needs in their homes , the preferred setting for their care .	nurse
female	6	This study suggests that the individual nurse must be given the opportunity to explore her professional vulnerability based on the assumption that it is both personally and socially constituted .	nurse
female	1	A nurse has used the everyday tools of her trade to create a colourful artwork .	nurse
female	3	First World War nurse Dorothy Moriarty visited the imperial War Museum to celebrate her 102nd birthday last week .	nurse
female	5	A young emotionally disturbed consulting-room assistant accused her husband of having inflicted the injuries upon her in the course of an argument over custody of the children .	assistant
female	1	A nurse shares her thoughts on this sensitive issue regarding the safety of care .	nurse
female	8	Using her assessment of the child , the nurse establishes trust with the child and the parent prior to beginning preparation of the child .	nurse
female	9	This interview provides an example of how a school nurse presented her data to the school board .	nurse
female	6	When Denise McLaughlin read about a nurse who crashed her car following a 12-hour night shift with no break , she was inspired to act .	nurse
female	4	H.D. , the noted writer Hilda Doolittle , wrote three differing accounts of her first analytic session with Freud , held on March 1 , 1933 .	writer
female	7	Such materials are likely to misdirect the teacher , giving him or her little guidance for presenting an effective program of instruction in reading .	teacher
female	15	Thus , it is vital that a woman at risk have access to a genetic counselor who can provide accurate assessment of her risk .	counselor
female	5	With this tool , the nurse interviewed the patients and recorded the patient 's response and her recommended intervention .	nurse
female	7	In this article , an experienced rehabilitation nurse relates her experience in helping her aged mother cope with the reality of a severe injury and amputation .	nurse
female	22	Then it was the debilitating anxiety-the overwhelming panic that once overcame her when her best friend , herself a mother and infant nurse , held her baby .	nurse
female	17	The constructed practical example between nurses with different knowledge bases and experiences was characterized by the expatriate nurse giving her instructions and not allowing the Sudanese nurse to respond to them .	nurse
female	1	The nurse carried out her observations right through the night , determining whether the patients were awake or asleep .	nurse
female	8	This data showed that the specialist breast care nurse co-ordinated the care of the woman and her family during the breast cancer journey .	nurse
female	14	While showing warmth to all the children in her guard , the residential nursery nurse must control her attachment to prevent the children from becoming objects of her unlimited and uncontrolled emotions .	nurse
female	8	In a small rural community , a registered nurse with thirty years of experience regularly visits her former client .	nurse
female	1	The nurse must continually update her knowledge and use a problem-solving approach in her work .	nurse
female	5	The author , a registered nurse , describes her personal experience living with a chronic illness .	nurse
female	5	The authors describe how one nurse unilaterally negotiated her role using an exchange theory approach .	nurse
female	31	Thus the ability to recognize and respond to the patient 's need or non-need for her presence was a crucial factor in patient satisfaction and in the way in which a nurse allocated her time .	nurse
female	5	Before providing information , the nurse takes into account the perceptions of the caregiver and focuses on the person herself -- thus recognizing her uniqueness .	nurse
female	5	Through her attitude , the nurse communicates her intellectual and emotional availability , and encourages the caregiver to rely on and use her expertise .	nurse
female	1	A nurse sow is a sow receiving piglets after having weaned her own piglets and thereby experiencing an extended lactation .	nurse
female	15	""" The legal , economic , and professional climate is right for the occupational health nurse to assert her role in primary care ; the scope and depth in which the occupational health nurse may currently provide primary care has greatly expanded with two current examples being the Employee Assistance Programs ( EAP ) and safety and accident prevention programs ."	nurse
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	20	To describe the dynamics of the Chinese people who will be encountered in a study in which an advanced psychiatric nurse will interview her colleagues to explore their experiences using interpretative phenomenological analysis .	nurse
female	2	An experienced nurse brought to her knees by intolerable workplace stress , describes her journey back to strength and how she is now a better advocate for nurses an patients .	nurse
female	9	Agazarian was a brilliant theoretician , clinician , and teacher who devoted her life to the development of a theory of living human systems ( TLHS ) and its systems-centered therapy and training ( SCT ) .	teacher
female	9	During the whole course of the disease , the nurse recorded her interactions with the patients and the patients ' family .	nurse
female	12	A woman who had cancer and was inspired to train as a nurse following her treatment has launched a charity to help other patients .	nurse
female	2	that the nurse has the ability to set priorities and balance the focus of her assessment ; 4 .	nurse
female	2	that the nurse does not let her own expectations of feelings and behavior in labor mask what the patient is really experiencing ; and 6 .	nurse
female	11	The aim of this study was to determine how the registered nurse tutor in the Republic of South Africa perceives her role and how her role perception compares with the role expectations laid down by nurse leaders .	nurse
female	1	Each nurse practitioner has been truly independent in carrying out her role in the community , influenced to a degree by the communities ' felt need and the attitudes of other health professionals .	nurse
female	3	A recently qualified nurse , interested in this area of health , enhanced her skills with a master 's degree specialising in the links between the environment and health .	nurse
female	6	At the time the stoma care nurse used her past experience and common sense in achieving this aim .	nurse
female	17	In contrast , the process consultant used clarifying , supportive , and reflective responses to help the teacher better understand classroom difficulties and enhance her ability to work with problem children .	teacher
female	25	' We were given a map of the hospital and told to find our own way , ' is one comment from a third-year student nurse recalling her experience of a first-year placement .	nurse
female	9	These evaluations lead to a diagnosis on which the nurse can base her plan of care .	nurse
female	2	The practising nurse prescriber described her experiences and credited a good structure of supervision and support from the team .	nurse
female	2	Whether the nurse nodded her head or not was not considered important .	nurse
female	5	In this article , a nurse describes her experience of living with a chronic wound , and its effect on her life over a 10-month period .	nurse
female	1	The librarian earned her MLIS in spring 2015 , and while she had previous teaching experience , she realized there was much more learning needed to properly teach medical , graduate and allied health students , faculty , and residents .	librarian
female	11	By incorporating these needs into the plan of care , the nurse will meet the total needs of the patient and help her return to life-force equilibrium .	nurse
female	15	Persisting her dermatological symptomatology , in the suspicion of a airborne contact dermatitis , the nurse was removed and addressed to administrative functions for detecting the clinical follow-up .	nurse
female	2	The visiting nurse supported her life including the procedures for the continuous subcutaneous injection for attenuating pain as the main symptom .	nurse
female	1	A nurse who experienced cardiorespiratory arrest at the age of 30 shares her story .	nurse
female	5	Carol Smith , an endoscopy nurse , is spending her two-week vacation as the camp nurse at the Boy Scouts Camporee .	nurse
female	1	A nurse is celebrating after shedding nearly ten stone in weight and ditching her blood pressure tablets .	nurse
female	10	"Finally , during the "" Separation Phase , "" the nurse must identify and resolve her own feelings about the resident 's upcoming departure ."	nurse
female	2	If the nurse can begin to understand her own reactions and the reactions of the family and patient , she will be better equipped to help them cope with this crisis situation .	nurse
female	8	Doreen Norton was a delightful , widely respected nurse who devoted her life to improving the care of elderly people .	nurse
female	20	Learn how to conduct quality improvement projects like Henry Ford Health System in Detroit . And see how one geriatric nurse changed how her hospital cares for seniors with urinary tract infections .	nurse
female	13	Yet I stood my ground , related the treatment plan , had my nurse draw her blood , and told the girl to come back in a week .	nurse
female	5	Gwen Carter , a student nurse , tells her story of becoming a patient and how reflecting on this experience affected her approach to patient care .	nurse
female	1	The nurse , in assuring the patient and family a peaceful transition , finds her role to include caring for the body with reverence to the religious and cultural concerns that the patient holds sacred .	nurse
female	8	Through a global and transversal approach , the nurse clinician working in freelance practice offers her vision and her expertise in the field of nursing care .	nurse
female	1	A nurse who was struck off the UKCC register in August 1991 for committing motoring offences won her battle for reinstatement at the Court of Appeal last week .	nurse
female	4	In conclusion , the nurse must use her clinical judgment as to the amount of technical information the client needs and desires .	nurse
female	2	The urology nurse practitioner in one trust expanded her skills to perform flexible cystoscopy .	nurse
female	2	If a nurse does n't recognize her basic task it is not possible to recognize it meaningful to provide a written nursing care plan .	nurse
female	1	The nurse communicated her role through the provision of leadership , resources and help , and technical expertise .	nurse
female	1	A nurse in the group shares her impressions .	nurse
female	5	In addition , a research assistant worked 60 % of her time over the last 3   months of the project .	assistant
female	7	During regular team meetings , the research assistant who conducted the interviews had described her reactions which led the research team to investigate her experience in more depth .	assistant
female	4	His mother was a nurse working the 2 first trimesters of her pregnancy in close-contact with AIDS patients chronically infected with CMV .	nurse
female	1	The nurse detected and referred 76 % of her patients for psychiatric help .	nurse
female	6	For half the participants , the counselor revealed her experience with other patients ( direct professional disclosure ) .	counselor
female	9	"However , even this knowledge does not allow any nurse to put her ethical self "" on automatic "" while she appeals to one or another of these principles to support what she decides to do ."	nurse
female	22	Client-centered consultation was effective in helping a teacher to decrease one child 's disruptive classroom behavior , and consultee-centered consultation helped the teacher improve her control of the class as a whole .	teacher
female	1	A nurse who claims her ' excessive pillow plumping ' led to an unfair police record has won a landmark court ruling .	nurse
female	5	In one case , a teacher resisted change and exited the program , maintaining her identity and deciding not to become student-centered .	teacher
female	13	When local teams would not offer her client a place , mental health nurse Ann Edwards set up her own .	nurse
female	4	True empowerment entails a nurse controlling her practice and career .	nurse
female	1	The nurse used her knowledge of the condition to probe for additional details and to test for clinical signs of the condition .	nurse
female	1	A nurse working at a remote island resort meets the diverse health and safety needs of employees and guests and combines her love of nursing with her love of scuba diving .	nurse
female	2	A STAFF nurse has accused Bexley Health Authority of race discrimination in deciding her clinical grading .	nurse
female	38	They are : ( 1 ) What are the limits of treatment and who decides them ? ( 2 ) How do we deal with suffering and the alleviation of pain ? ( 3 ) How does the nurse present her humane self to the dying patient ?	nurse
female	8	the following categories emerged : The North American nurse educators of the HOPE Earth Project and Educator Mary Anne Small through the memories of who had contact with her .	nurse
female	11	Using vignettes and the Model of Vulnerable Populations , a psychiatric nurse discusses her experiences as an American Red Cross psychiatric/mental health nurse volunteer after the Katrina disaster at a Mississippi shelter .	nurse
female	12	The combination of nursing , technical , and analytical skills places the nurse working with automated systems in a position to greatly expand her knowledge base and to identify mechanisms to transfer non-nursing technology to automation in nursing practice , education , and research .	nurse
female	8	Ms McEvilly , a former Nursing Standard paediatric nurse of the year , received her award from health secretary Alan Milburn ( left ) and Olympic oarsman Sir Steve Redgrave .	nurse
female	13	The author Margiad Evans ( 1909 - 1958 ) , a celebrated Anglo-Welsh writer of the 1930s and 1940s , developed epilepsy in 1950 , and subsequently wrote accounts of her experiences of seizures , their diagnosis , and their management .	writer
female	8	This study attempts to demonstrate that an emergency/ambulatory nurse practitioner ( NP ) performs her role in emergency medicine with reliability and thoroughness ; that she can effectively work as part of a nurse practitioner-physician team ( NP/MD ) , provided her capabilities are fully used and that her role is complementary to the physician 's .	nurse
female	12	Drawing on her hospital expertise in pulmonology , a currently private practice nurse describes her work supporting patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in their home .	nurse
female	1	The nurse , when performing emotional labor at work , tunes her own emotions to the patient 's expectations .	nurse
female	3	A newly graduated nurse describes her personal nurs- ing philosophy - ' best practice kindness ' - developed during her studies .	nurse
female	1	The nurse finds her assessment skills challenged with increasing frequency by the elderly patient who is also acutely confused and experiencing discomfort .	nurse
female	4	After discharge , a nurse team visited her home every two weeks and watched for signs of heart failure .	nurse
female	4	June Lancaster , a nurse by background , who has spent 35 years working within healthcare and facilities management companies , and now runs her own consultancy , Asset Wisdom , and Steve Goodchild , an engineer with over 40 years ' healthcare engineering experience , and a director at estates and facilities solutions consultancy , CPA , argue that better teamwork and communication between clinicians and estates and facilities professionals , and a greater understanding of each other 's roles , would contribute significantly to an even safer , more efficient , patient care environment .	nurse
female	6	In this question-and-answer account , American nurse Donna Boyd shares her experience working as a nurse in the United Kingdom .	nurse
female	14	In this sense , every psychiatric moment becomes a golden opportunity for the psychiatric nurse to abdicate her role as medical factotum .	nurse
female	5	Once again , one genetic counselor discusses her experiences , this time during a second , unplanned pregnancy .	counselor
female	3	An advanced practice nurse in gerontology , working in an in-home nursing care department , describes her missions with the teams , the patient and the carers .	nurse
female	5	The interventionist , a lay counselor , worked with Xoliswa in a primary care clinic to address her concerns by exploring personal values , managing barriers to HIV care , and teaching active coping .	counselor
female	8	The article will explore how the stoma care nurse conducted her prescription reviews within her own clinical commissioning group ( CCG ) .	nurse
female	5	A former Air Force flight nurse shares her personal experience from her memoirs of when she participated in the celebrated event , Operation Homecoming .	nurse
female	16	This article looks at the legal liability of a specialist nurse in relation to the general nurse who has invited her advice on the care of the patient .	nurse
female	1	The nurse must use her technical knowledge and understanding to provide the patient with the knowledge he needs to participate in his own care as well as the emotional strength to deal with the physiologic strains of the disease .	nurse
female	6	In the third example , the nurse rejected the impulse to care and deliberately turned her back to ethics and abandoned her ethical caring .	nurse
female	17	Overconfident and too proud to go through debriefing after a traumatic experience on the job , this nurse almost lost her career .	nurse
female	3	A 19-year-old veterinary nurse developed a cowpox/catpox virus ( CPV ) infection of her right third finger following a scratch from a tom cat suffering from pneumonia .	nurse
female	1	The nurse , having chosen to nurse , tests again and again the integrity of her moral commitment .	nurse
female	1	A nurse with a history of childhood asthma describes her experiences with intubation and mechanical ventilation .	nurse
female	2	A staff nurse who assisted in comforting families through the Trauma Support After Care Program at Hartford Hospital shares her experiences in this article .	nurse
female	1	One nurse shares her experiences .	nurse
female	1	The nurse should demonstrate her knowledge and abilities to take care of the patients , keeping the integrity of the skin and of the mucous membranes .	nurse
female	2	A staff nurse has turned her outpatients department into a health promotion hub , reaching across her community hospital and beyond to provide proactive , preventive and integrated services in rural communities .	nurse
female	1	The nurse should not impose her own values or make choices for the patient .	nurse
female	20	A Health Belief Model ( HBM ) has been discussed and is proposed as a useful framework around which the nurse can formulate her health teaching .	nurse
female	2	A trauma nurse who visited Papua New Guinea describes her experience with living and working in various health care settings .	nurse
female	1	The nurse then reported her findings to a psychiatrist and a diagnosis was agreed .	nurse
female	2	A transplant nurse coordinator presents her missions , notably with living donors wishing to give their kidney to a relative or close friend .	nurse
female	3	Each discharge planning nurse described her discharge planning activities for a client with high care needs .	nurse
female	1	The nurse practitioner managed 78 % of her consultations without referral to a doctor , and 89 % without resorting to prescribed drugs .	nurse
female	2	OUR CHIEF nurse for England , Sarah Mullally , has announced her intention to leave the NHS and the search is on for her replacement .	nurse
female	7	After 54 years in NHS , nursing assistant celebrates her 80th birthday at work .	assistant
female	2	A staff nurse who had her arm amputated due to a genetic condition is back at work after having a bionic hand fitted by surgeons at her hospital trust .	nurse
female	9	In an approach of global collaboration , the lead nurse in a paediatric haemostasis unit uses her technical and educational role to participate in the management of the child 's specific disorder .	nurse
female	26	This article attempts to answer part of that question by drawing on an empirical study of the use of numbers as metaphors in talks between a nurse and her potential patients in a directed health survey .	nurse
female	14	In this paper the author presents her philosophy of what is to be a nurse and her performance in a family - centered nursing approach .	nurse
female	10	All these factors may affect the health of a pregnant hairdresser and her offspring .	hairdresser
female	18	This article explores the support Julie 's family provided for her education , her subsequent training as a nurse and her work around the country , including as the coordinator of the maternal health program at the University of Goroka .	nurse
female	15	Following a two-day stay at the orphanage , he was entrusted to an external wet nurse , Michele Mondella , and her husband , Ciro Fiscale di Felice , a mariner in the town of Torre del Greco .	nurse
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	23	Early identification and treatment of the chemically dependent nurse is important for the safety of the public and for the well-being of the nurse and her profession .	nurse
female	29	Some of the more successful techniques are well suited to general practice management and can be carried out by the patient under the supervision of her doctor , district nurse , practice nurse or midwife .	nurse
female	8	All students were satisfied with listening to the teacher and her answers to their questions .	teacher
female	2	[ The nurse and her body concept during hospital work ] .	nurse
female	13	This case report describes the impact of a violent assault on a registered nurse and her healing journey and return to the workplace .	nurse
female	13	Finally , the positive and negative comments made to the target by her teacher and her peers were related to initiation and withdrawal of the feedback contingency .	teacher
female	7	"Through the interactions of a young Canadian nurse and her "" English "" patient , author Michael Ondaatje presents an interesting view of the nurse-patient relationship ."	nurse
female	2	[ The nurse and her past ] .	nurse
female	19	An attitude of enjoyment enhances not only personal feelings of well-being but also promotes physical health both in the nurse and her patients .	nurse
female	4	Participants included an agriscience teacher and her fifteen students who were conducting plant experiments to gain insight into the role of a gene disabled by scientists .	teacher
female	9	A pioneer of psy : The first Ugandan psychiatric nurse and her ( different ) tale of psychiatry in Uganda .	nurse
female	17	This study demonstrates how spontaneous and prompted speech were produced in a six-year-old mute by a first-grade teacher and her aide .	teacher
female	5	"The relationship of the professional nurse and her "" extender partner "" is a new solution to an old problem ... one that has lasting power because it advances professionalism ."	nurse
female	17	A novel about war and trauma movingly portrays the internal conflict of the central character , a nurse and her quest not to care , as a defence against vulnerability .	nurse
female	21	The findings show that the PDA provides immediate access to information anywhere and at anytime , with advantages for both the nurse and for her patients .	nurse
female	1	A nurse and her patient were paired off for questioning .	nurse
female	26	Stephen , who was particularly devoted to Virginia , whom he regarded as an extension of himself , encouraged this identification , and served as her teacher and mentor .	teacher
female	23	A classroom environment with wireless technology was implemented to explore whether wireless technology could enhance mathematics learning and teaching activities for a hearing teacher and her 7 hard of hearing students in a Taiwan junior high school .	teacher
female	56	The results show that family-centred care at the child welfare clinic can be described by six categories : the life situation and the living conditions of the family , the individuality of the family , the relationship between the family and the public health nurse , nursing actions , the expert knowledge of the public health nurse and her individuality .	nurse
female	25	This paper presents a case study that sets out how some of these challenges were met in a potentially difficult situation experienced by a student nurse and her mentor in practice , in which the student was supported to further examine and explore issues that may have influenced the situation .	nurse
female	26	Of the five patterns disclosed , three were revealed as basic and named ' the respectful gardener and her developing plants ' , ' the propagandist teacher and her ignorant pupils ' and ' the steering inspector and the representatives of the population at disposal ' .	teacher
female	14	Nightingale 's judgment was based on the personal characteristics she expected of the Nightingale nurse and her fear of public exposure of problems at the Nightingale School of Nursing at St Thomas 's Hospital .	nurse
female	5	It explores how their primary nurse and her colleagues learned to identify communication needs , and examines the development of strategies to help meet those needs .	nurse
female	26	Public health reformation suggests further development of nursing care , particularly at the level of primary health care , and improvement of the status of a nurse in the society and her role in the public health system .	nurse
female	8	The phenomenon of a caring relationship between a teacher and her student , a victim of sexual assault , is mediated through reflective writing assignments in a baccalaureate nursing program .	teacher
female	11	Given this setting , inappropriate maternal attachment can occur between primary nurse and her charge , as well as inappropriate paternal attachment occurring between physician and infants under his medical care .	nurse
female	17	Our preliminary interview investigation revealed there was a stressor ( STR ) , a certain elder female teacher and her less polite words and attitude .	teacher
female	17	This discourse of writing allowed for the examination of how meaning was orchestrated and scaffolded between the teacher and her students .	teacher
female	10	Nosocomial ringworm in a neonatal intensive care unit : a nurse and her cat .	nurse
female	2	Both her teacher and parents reported academic and psychosocial problems .	teacher
female	8	This article describes the personal journey of one nurse and her mentee .	nurse
female	31	Anne Patterson describes how a request for health information from mothers of children at the local nursery school led to a regular discussion group and a successful partnership between the school nurse and her health visitor colleague .	nurse
female	6	But the strong focusing on the nurse and her relation to the patient tends to bias the ethical issues -- the attitudes of other persons involved or affected are also in need of investigation .	nurse
female	9	This short memoir conveys a special relationship between a nurse and her patient , a 13-year-old girl who had a liver transplant .	nurse
female	7	Given the results , being a female nurse , and her threefold role ; new studies for deeper research , especially on those variables that were not statistically relevant , are suggested .	nurse
female	2	Both the nurse and the GP feel that the patient would be better managed in a care home , but her son refuses to consider the possibility .	nurse
female	2	"A new nurse recently complained in a national nursing publication that her manager , a 22-year veteran , refers to her staff as""dodos , "" "" dipsticks "" and "" resident idiots . "" The vexed grad wanted to know whether she had to put up with this verbal abuse ."	nurse
female	12	The patient 's mother had received a call from her daughter 's teacher who observed that her daughter was scratching the area and might be masturbating in class .	teacher
female	1	The nurse timetable analysis shows that her role is very similar to a Canadian ' Pivot ' nurse in oncology .	nurse
female	11	In a previous report , the author studied a left-nondominant-hand mirror writer , postulating that her mirror writing resulted from the failure to reverse the right-hand writing motor patterns when transmitted from the left to the right cerebral hemisphere .	writer
female	1	A nurse wishes her son and family had received it after his cancer diagnosis .	nurse
female	3	Here , a nurse diagnosed with Asperger 's says that her employers did not offer her the support she required .	nurse
female	3	Does today 's nurse know what her advocacy for nursing has meant to our profession ?	nurse
female	1	The nurse stated that her motive was sympathy towards seriously ill patients .	nurse
female	29	"In particular , my use of animal organs meets with phenomenal success : the children are enchanted by my inflation and their exploration of pig lungs , and one teacher told me weeks afterward that her students were still "" bragging of how they touched a real heart and lung ."	teacher
female	8	Guam 's first elected non - partisan public auditor Doris Flores Brookes was elected to her fourth term in 2016 .	auditor
female	13	"In "" Roza și ceilalți "" , the libertine daughter of a Jewish tailor is persuaded by her coreligionists into accepting the sexual advances of a Nazi German officer ."	tailor
female	8	Susan Paddack , a former secondary school science teacher and member of the Oklahoma Senate , was nominated by the Democratic Party as her potential successor .	teacher
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	4	Dr Elspeth King , writer and curator , was born in Scotland and is known for her role as a museum curator at the Peoples Palace in Glasgow , and then with the Stirling Smith Art Gallery and Museum .	writer
female	0	Writer Dev Ross was awarded the Humanitas Prize in 2002 for her script in the Children 's Animation category .	writer
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	1	Australian writer Margaret Scott who , along with her American husband , had been assaulted in Edward Street during the riot , has stated that several U.S. servicemen were beaten to death and one shot in the fighting but there are no official records supporting this claim .	writer
female	15	Major Janet Pilgrim , RRC ( born c. 1966 ) is a former British Army nurse who was awarded the Royal Red Cross in 2008 for her services in Iraq .	nurse
female	7	Christi a painter , craftsperson , and writer is preeminently known for her acrylic paintings that depict floral patterns .	writer
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	8	On September 30 , 62-year - old private nurse Mary Wilfong was followed home to her Richmond apartment .	nurse
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	Sarah Nolan , an attractive 40-year - old divorced preschool teacher , is urged by her family to date more .	teacher
female	2	"Former head writer Dena Higley was re - promoted to succeed Sheffer in the role , with her first episode as head of the writing staff airing on April 23 , 2008 ; her co - head writer was Christopher Whitesell , who had joined the series following a stint as an associate head writer for "" As the World Turns "" and remained with "" Days "" until February 2011 ."	writer
female	23	Stegner , the daughter of Günter Stegner , the Director Central and Eastern Europe for LSI Corporation , and Erika Stegner , an accountant , was raised in an animal - loving household with many dogs alongside her older sister Jeanette , who currently works in film production .	accountant
female	2	A military nurse was awarded the Royal Red Cross for her role in evacuating the patients under her care .	nurse
female	14	"The film tells the story of the Frontier Nursing Service , which is a nurse and midwifery health service that was founded by her cousin in the Appalachian mountains of Kentucky . """	nurse
female	3	Soga , a nurse , was abducted from her hometown of Mano - cho , now part of the city of Sado , Niigata , on August 12 , 1978 , and taken to North Korea to train agents in Japanese customs and language .	nurse
female	21	During production of the sixteenth series , Sharon Miller stepped down as head writer , and Andrew Brenner , formerly head writer for Fireman Sam , was appointed as her successor .	writer
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	13	On July 29 , 2017 , it was revealed through Passanante that breakdown writer Chris Van Etten will be promoted to co - head writer along with Altman as her replacement .	writer
female	15	On July 30 , 2019 , it was announced that Altman would retire ; breakdown writer Dan O'Connor was announced as her successor , joining Van Etten as co - head writer .	writer
female	5	Jean Watson is an American nurse theorist and nursing professor who is best known for her theory of human caring .	nurse
female	12	Bernadette 's service as a sacristan , artist - embroiderer , and nurse in the convent are depicted , along with her spiritual growth .	nurse
female	4	Agatha Christie , a writer of crime novels , short stories and plays , is best remembered for her 80 detective novels and her successful West End theatre plays .	writer
female	2	When her teacher is impressed by her writing , Dayu writes increasingly complex sentences .	teacher
female	3	A highly respected nurse , Elliott was known for her work not only augmenting the training and working conditions of her nurses but improving patients ’ comfort and experience .	nurse
female	22	Rebecca G. Cameron ( 1885 - 1959 ) , known as Reba G. Cameron , was a Canadian - born American Army nurse who was awarded the Army Distinguished Service Medal for her military hospital work during World War I. She also worked in the Philippines and Japan .	nurse
female	5	"The same day an American teacher was deported from Bahrain due to her "" radical writing , "" the Ministry of State for Communications said ."	teacher
female	6	At school , Matilda befriends her teacher , Jennifer Honey , who is astonished by her intellectual abilities .	teacher
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	22	""" Capture Me "" , which premiered in early 2004 at the Tarragon Theatre in Toronto , is centred on a kindergarten teacher who , while searching for her birth mother , is stalked by her violent ex - husband ."	teacher
female	0	Nurse was reunited with her biological parents , Morne and Celeste Nurse , 17 years later after DNA tests confirmed her identity .	nurse
female	3	Armenian - French writer Louise Aslanian ( 1906–1945 ) , another French Resistance activist , was arrested among with her husband Arpiar Aslanian on July 24 , 1944 , taken to the Nazi concentration camps by Nazis and killed in 1945 .	writer
female	13	""" Edith Cavell "" ( 2010 ) is a straightforward biography of the nurse who was executed for her role in the smuggling of allied soldiers out of Belgium during the First World War ."	nurse
female	12	On April 7 , 2006 , Kari Baker , an elementary school teacher , was found dead in her bathroom , in the family 's bedroom in Hewitt , near Waco , Texas , in what her husband Matt told authorities was a suicide .	teacher
female	5	A socially engaged Buddhist and teacher at the Berkeley Zen Center , Scott was known for her work in prisons and homeless shelters .	teacher
female	9	Mildred Mason Bayer ( 1908–1990 ) was a Registered Nurse from Ohio who was inducted into the Ohio Women 's Hall of Fame for her local and international humanitarian work .	nurse
female	23	Evangeline Lydia Emsley ( March 1885 – February 21 , 1967 ) , sometimes written as Lydia Evangeline Emsley , was a Canadian nurse who was decorated for her service as a member of the Royal Canadian Army Medical Corps during World War I.	nurse
female	8	The protagonist of the film is a female writer who has been banished from her own country for writing against religious fundamentalism .	writer
female	6	Nora Elridge is an elementary school teacher living in Cambridge , Massachusetts who was raised by her frustrated stay at home mother to have artistic ambitions , ambitions which she was never able to fulfill .	teacher
female	29	"In July , the "" General "" was arrested for stealing from "" Lola 's Place "" , and his bad luck continued when Deadwood 's first public school teacher was murdered in her sleep in August ."	teacher
female	4	Scare school 's history teacher who can be only seen in a crystal ball with her head floating together with a small table , and she possesses the power of Levitation .	teacher
female	3	She was a writer who was known for her campaign against foot binding .	writer
female	3	was an Iranian nurse who was sentenced to death for her involvement in the murder of her boyfriend 's wife .	nurse
female	2	"A celebrated writer of contemporary Indian literature , many of her works have been translated into English from her native Assamese which include "" The Moth Eaten Howdah of the Tusker "" , "" Pages Stained With Blood "" and "" The Man from Chinnamasta "" ."	writer
female	12	Magda ( Anna Crilly ) is the Spleens ' morose Eastern European housekeeper , who is often puzzled by British attitudes , language and , in her view , softness .	housekeeper
female	22	Lyudmila Evgenyevna Ulitskaya ( , born February 21 , 1943 ) is an internationally acclaimed modern Russian novelist and short - story writer who , in 2014 , was awarded the prestigious Austrian State Prize for European Literature for her oeuvre .	writer
female	17	Anne Homer Doerflinger ( November 15 , 1907 – May 16 , 1995 ) was an American writer who is best known for her short works of fiction .	writer
female	13	D. ( born January 4 , 1943 ) is a public speaker , writer , filmmaker and activist who is internationally recognized for her work on the image of women in advertising and her critical studies of alcohol and tobacco advertising .	writer
female	1	A writer since 1961 , Champion was awarded the Prix Goncourt de la biographie in 1984 for her fictionalized biography of Suzanne Valadon , translated into several languages .	writer
female	10	In 1980 , Susan Wirth , a 35-year - old teacher living in San Francisco , was abducted by her parents to be deprogrammed in reaction to her leftist political views and activities .	teacher
female	16	From 1878 to 1880 , she lived in Paris , where she studied with Engberg 's teacher , , who was known for her engravings of bible illustrations by Gustave Doré .	teacher
female	0	"Writer Gail Simone was applauded for her portrayal of Wonder Woman during her run on the series , with comic book reviewer Dan Phillips of IGN noting that "" she 's molded Diana into a very relatable and sympathetic character . """	writer
female	11	"( also Susanne ) Kübler ( 1814–1873 ) was a Swiss writer who is remembered for her housekeeping guides and cookbooks , especially the popular "" Das Hauswesen "" ( Housekeeping , 1850 ) which also contained recipes ."	writer
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	28	"In an August 2 , 2018 press release , the Louis D. Brandeis Center stated : "" On July 19 , an arbitrator found that Stoughton High School teacher Hilary Moll was wrongly suspended without pay by Stoughton Public Schools ( "" Stoughton "" ) , for her response to an anti - Semitic incident at the high school ..."	teacher
female	7	Megan Lotts is an American academic art librarian who is known for her research with Library makerspace , engagement , and academic library exhibition spaces .	librarian
female	6	In 1982 Eileen Flynn , a teacher , was sacked from her teaching post for being pregnant while unmarried .	teacher
female	2	"Illustrator , writer and alum Felicia Bond is best known for her illustrations in the "" If You Give ... "" children 's books series , starting with "" If You Give a Mouse a Cookie "" ."	writer
female	20	On 5 February 2008 , after working on the island for a couple of months , a 27-year - old nurse from New South Wales was attacked and raped in her sleeping quarters by a resident of the island ; previously , she had frequently emailed her superiors on Thursday Island about the lack of adequate security on the island .	nurse
female	15	"Hannah Elizabeth "" Hanneli "" Goslar ( born 12 November 1928 ) is a former nurse who is best known for her close friendship with diarist Anne Frank ."	nurse
female	9	On November 27 , 1950 , Beryl Atherton a teacher at the school , was found at her home with her throat slashed .	teacher
female	19	One year later , reporter Christi Davies accompanies Detective Will Ruiney to the scene of a murder : a teacher has been hanged outside her school , with the letter “ O ” carved into her chest .	teacher
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	6	Jean , a middle - aged writer living in Paris , meets an old friend , Claire , and is soon drawn into her world of sadomasochism along with Claire 's younger partner Anne .	writer
female	5	The following year , Heritage teacher Allison Reid was named the Wake County Teacher of the Year for her outstanding ability to integrate technology into instruction .	teacher
female	22	Upon her death , Barnard College created the Emily L. Gregory annual award for outstanding teaching based on her reputation as a teacher who was dedicated to her students success .	teacher
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	11	"Katie M Grant ( born 1958 ) is a children 's writer , based in Scotland , who is best known for her "" DeGranville Trilogy "" , published by Walker Books ."	writer
female	8	"Headlines of other newspapers cried out that the teacher was kidnapped "" by force "" from her hiding place at the farm of anti - communists and the letter to the Consul was called a fake ."	teacher
female	4	She , as a writer is best known for her Chak , Alma Kabutari , Jhoola Nat and an autobiographical novel Kasturi Kundal Base .	writer
female	5	"Robyn Butler is an Australian writer , actress and producer who is best known for her starring role in the television comedy series "" The Librarians "" ."	writer
female	19	""" All in Her Head "" journeys into the psyche of Bridget Holiday , a 41-year - old freelance writer who is obsessed with her weight ."	writer
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	11	Margrethe Lønborg Marstrand née Jensen ( 1874–1948 ) was a Danish teacher and writer who is remembered for her efforts to help children to read more quickly using the approach of telling tales of her obsession with dolphins .	teacher
female	14	Jean Bedford ( born 4 February 1946 ) is an English - born Australian writer who is best known for her crime fiction , but who has also written novels and short stories , as well as nonfiction .	writer
female	1	Her teacher , Miss Horn was portrayed by her real - life sister , Kim Fields .	teacher
female	4	Ms. Coleman , a teacher at the academy was known for her passion for church and her disdain for the Revised Standard Version ( RSV ) of the Holy Bible .	teacher
female	17	Füruzan ( born Füruzan Yerdelen , October 29 , 1932 ) is a self - taught Turkish writer , who is highly regarded for her sensitive characterisations of the poor and her depictions of Turkish immigrants abroad .	writer
female	6	The character is a rude checkout assistant who is not committed to her job role .	assistant
female	17	"The Federation starship "" Enterprise "" arrives at the planet Haven , where the ship 's Betazoid Counselor Deanna Troi has been summoned by her mother Lwaxana ."	counselor
female	4	The suspect , a writer named Phillip Padgett , has a particular interest in Scully and is fascinated by her beauty and personality .	writer
female	17	Mary Sewall Gardner ( February 5 , 1871 – February 20 , 1961 ) was an American nurse who is best known for her work in public health .	nurse
female	6	Ms. Julia Cruz , Home Economics teacher was adjudged Most Outstanding teacher in her field in that same year .	teacher
female	12	"Captain Lillian Kinkella Keil served as a technical advisor for "" Flight Nurse "" which was based upon her experiences ."	nurse
female	13	When one of Alraune 's necklace winds up missing , she accuses her teacher , Mademoiselle Duvaliere ( Denise Vernac ) , which in fact was found inside her luggage , who is then fired for theft .	teacher
female	2	As a writer Caldwell was praised for her intricately plotted and suspenseful stories , which depicted family tensions and the development of the U.S. from an agrarian society into the leading industrial state of the world .	writer
female	9	In 1876 , Atkin 's sister , journalist and teacher Grace Travers Atkin was buried alongside her brother .	teacher
female	3	Canadian short story writer Munro was named the winner of the prize in 2009 for her lifetime body of work .	writer
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	7	Mary ( Myrna Loy ) , a writer working on a novel about a love triangle , is attracted to her publisher ( Frank Morgan ) .	writer
female	23	Dame Judith Ann Gladys Kilpatrick , DBE ( née Foxley ; 20 February 1952 – 5 September 2002 ) was an English head teacher who was noted for her work in the improvements in examination results at the City of Portsmouth Girls ' School ( now Portsmouth Academy ) which led to the school acquiring advanced training school status in 2002 .	teacher
female	17	The Snowball ( first published 1969 ) is a domestic fantasy novel for children by the English writer Barbara Sleigh ( 1906–1982 ) , who is best known for her Carbonel series .	writer
female	0	"Nurse Gollum is described in her first appearance on the show as suffering from the ( fictional ) condition "" conjoined twin myslexia "" ."	nurse
female	8	Her father , Thomas Tobin , a bank clerk who later became a racetrack bookmaker , was born in Nova Scotia , Canada and her mother , Genevieve , was born in Washington , D.C.	clerk
female	19	Clara Claiborne Park ( August 19 , 1923 – July 3 , 2010 ) was an American college English teacher and author who was best known for her writings about her experiences raising her autistic daughter , the artist Jessica Park .	teacher
female	9	"On that day , 79-year - old retired practical nurse Johnnie Mae "" John - John "" Martin , a respected member of her neighborhood , was strangled in her bed with a shoelace , with the killer later searching through her house ."	nurse
female	15	"Eleanor Constance Bor "" née "" Rundall ( 1898 – 1957 ) was a British writer who is remembered for her book """	writer
female	16	Arundhati Devi ( also known as Arundhati Mukhopadhyay ) was an Indian actress , director , writer and singer who is predominantly known for her work in Bengali cinema .	writer
female	8	""" Mabel Anne Northgrave ) was an English writer , who was best known for her studies of the life and work of the poet John Clare in partnership with J.W. Tibble ."	writer
female	7	Carole Berry is an American mystery fiction writer who is best known for her amateur sleuth series featuring New York City office temp worker Bonnie Indermill .	writer
female	4	He learns about a nurse that was raped and murdered on her way home after working the night shift at Washington Metropolitan Hospital .	nurse
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	7	In 1979 , Peggy Blumquist is a hairdresser in Luverne , Minnesota who is married to her high school sweetheart , local butcher Ed Blumquist .	hairdresser
female	18	"In the Oscar - winning film "" One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest "" , the villainous Nurse Ratched is known for her pageboy ."	nurse
female	13	"Daisy Gardner ( born September 24 , 1976 ) is an American television writer and comedian who is best known for her work as a writer on the NBC series "" 30 Rock "" , Showtime 's "" Californication "" , and Comedy Central 's "" South Park "" ."	writer
female	0	Nurse Joy Ongcachuy was awarded an OBE for her role in treating victims of the attack .	nurse
female	11	Gabriela Etcheverry ( born 1946 ) is a Chilean - Canadian writer , translator and literary critic who is also known for her role in Hispanic - Canadian cultural life .	writer
female	2	A school librarian , Dietrich was introduced into sports car racing by her husband .	librarian
female	4	"Kirsty is a staff nurse who was promoted to senior staff nurse in a different hospital due to her "" skill , determination and hard work ethic "" ."	nurse
female	7	She played Dorothy McNab , an American writer living in London who was known for her lurid and sensationalist thriller novels .	writer
female	15	"is a retired Australia - based theatre , radio and television actress , producer , writer and choreographer and theatre entrepreneur , who is best known for her long - running role of comedy character dizzy Edith "" Edie "" MacDonald , often referred to as Mother or Mummy in the 1970s television soap opera "" Number 96 "" : a suburban housewife with a fondness for gin , daytime soap operas and analgesics ."	writer
female	5	Mary McNab , the family housekeeper , was a formative influence , and was regarded by King as her second mother .	housekeeper
female	3	was a Quaker teacher who , in a celebrated case , was fired from her job for refusing to ask her students to purchase war bonds .	teacher
female	41	In April 2016 , Matthew Mills , a man from Brooklyn , accepted a plea agreement with prosecutors on one count of interfering with police arising from an incident in November 2015 , when Mills angrily approached the sister of murdered teacher Victoria Soto — who is regarded as a heroine for her attempt to protect her students from the shooter in the Sandy Hook attack	teacher
female	9	"In November 2017 , Lindsay Shepherd , the teaching assistant of a Wilfrid Laurier University first - year communications course , was censured by her professors for showing , during a classroom discussion about pronouns , a segment of "" The Agenda "" in which Peterson debates Bill C-16 with another professor ."	assistant
female	13	Tang Yijie 's mother Fang Ting ( Zoe Tay ) is a righteous teacher who is highly respected by her colleagues and as well as her students .	teacher
female	14	"When after great pains Salzinger managed to purchase the goods she wanted , the cashier was confused and would not hand her a plastic bag for her items : """	cashier
female	7	Maya Angelou , an African - American writer who is best known for her seven autobiographies , was also a prolific and successful poet .	writer
female	6	"Davida Wills Hurwin is an American writer who is best known for her books "" A Time for Dancing "" and "" The Farther You Run "" ."	writer
female	21	Rebecca McPherson Wright Bonsal ( January 31 , 1838 or 1842 – May 15 , 1914 ) was an American Quaker teacher who was fired for her Unionist loyalty , as well as delivered important intelligence to the Union Army during the American Civil War , which helped Union Generals Philip Sheridan and George Crook defeat Confederate General Jubal Early in the crucial Third Battle of Winchester in September , 1864 .	teacher
female	13	"Daisy Aitkens ( Born 25 March 1986 ) is an English actress , writer and director who is best known for her roles in the TV series """	writer
female	28	The Arkansas State Historical Society held its 1960 annual meeting at Monte Ne and gathered at the amphitheater to hear Clara Kennan , a Rogers native and school teacher who had been fascinated by Monte Ne her whole life , give a talk on Harvey and his Pyramid project .	teacher
female	10	In 1971 , Bernardsville , New Jersey junior high music teacher Paula Grossman was fired from her position of 14 years after openly transitioning and announcing her identity as a woman .	teacher
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	11	Nualchawee Petchrung ( , also spelled Nuanchawee ) was a Thai nurse who was murdered by her medical doctor husband , Athip Suyansethakarn , on 10 September 1959 .	nurse
female	5	Dame Agatha Christie , a writer of crime novels , short stories and plays , is best remembered for her 80 detective novels and her successful West End theatre plays .	writer
female	20	תמר בּוֹרְנְשְׁטֵיין - לָזָר , May 1 , 1927 – June 16 , 2020 ) was an Israeli children 's writer who was best known for her book series featuring the monkeys Kofiko and Chipopo .	writer
female	41	"Buckingham is known for her first book , "" A Self - Made Woman : or , Mary Idyl ’s Trials and Triumphs "" ( 1873 ) , a novel in which the main character is a "" sickly "" woman writer , nurse , and teacher , who is disowned by her father for pursuing an education and a career ."	writer
female	14	"It was founded in November 1991 and led by Nina Andreyeva , a university teacher who was well known for her 1988 letter "" I can not give up my principles "" ."	teacher
female	8	Arati Bhattacharya was an Indian Bengali actress , writer and director who was recognized for her work in Bengali cinema .	writer
female	2	The cookery writer Jane Grigson is buried in the churchyard , alongside her husband , Geoffrey .	writer
female	11	Rai 's role was that of Sophia D'Souza , Mascarenas ' nurse , who is abused by her alcoholic husband .	nurse
female	45	"Soon afterwards , she was asked to write a piece entitled "" The Charms of the Seasons ( 1695 ) , "" ( Les Charmes des Saisons ) an opera with lyrics — as was the common trend of the time — however a different writer was chosen over her own work ."	writer
female	1	The writer Agatha Christie was invited by Thompson , along with her husband	writer
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	14	Philippa Jayne Langley , MBE ( born 29 June 1962 ) is a Scottish writer who is best known for her contribution to the exhumation of Richard III in 2012 .	writer
female	18	However , Rosie Larsen is found dead in the trunk of a stolen campaign car , and her teacher , Bennet Ahmed — member of Darren 's outreach program — is suspected of her murder .	teacher
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	1	The assistant is thus pulled down onto her back and secured in that position .	assistant
female	23	"Brigitte Reimann ( born 21 July 1933 , Burg bei Magdeburg , d. 22 February 1973 , East Berlin ) was a German writer who is best known for her posthumously published novel "" Franziska Linkerhand "" ."	writer
female	12	Christie Dawson ( Elizabeth Berkley ) is a popular high school chemistry teacher who is dedicated to her students and very passionate about her work .	teacher
female	12	Amy 's out - of - the - ordinary work as a teacher has been highly praised by her students and others in her field .	teacher
female	6	These seekers were followers of a teacher named Emma Curtis Hopkins who was renowned in her time and boasted a following of 50,000 students .	teacher
female	4	His mother was a teacher who had been deserted by her husband , who was Irish Catholic .	teacher
female	5	Susan Ward , an English teacher at Wicomico High School for 31 years , was recognized for her outstanding work in the classroom on March 21 , 2007 when she was named 2007 - 08	teacher
female	28	"In 2012 , Watanabe got her first lead role in the Japanese TV drama "" Saba Doru "" , where she played a 38-year - old high school teacher who is hated by her pupils , whilst having a hidden life as the highly popular idol Mayu Watanabe , based on her real - life self ."	teacher
female	16	"Robin Oliveira ( born 1954 ) is an American author , former literary editor , and nurse , who is most known for her debut novel , "" My Name is Mary Sutter "" , published in 2010 ."	nurse
female	7	Following this announcement , the group 's accountant was found dead in her house .	accountant
female	7	Mary Stanley ( 1813–1879 ) philanthropist and nurse , is best known for her dispute in the Crimea with her friend Florence Nightingale .	nurse
female	2	The bubbly nurse made an immediate impression on the staff with her disposition .	nurse
female	14	The first advertisement for the show happened on 20 March when Siti 's personal assistant revealed on her Facebook account that the special concert would be held on 7 April to mark Siti 's twenty years in the music industry .	assistant
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .  	secretary
female	3	A lesbian postal clerk , she turned a wife against her husband , twisting the wife 's perception of her spouse and the subsequent murder of the man ( who is Inèz ' cousin ) .	clerk
female	23	On the way down to a secret laboratory , Boss Glom is revealed to be Skulhedface , and in her laboratory , her assistant , Flopsy , assists her to a large Jizmoglobin extraction device .	assistant
female	1	The assistant came to her home later that evening with the newspaper regarding the friar and some riverbank settlement of impoverished and homeless people known as Ants Town ( Arinomachi ) .	assistant
female	24	Set at the height of communist rule in 1960s Hungary , the story of the adaptation centres on the abrasive influence that a mysterious housekeeper wields over her employer and successful novelist , played Martina Gedeck .	housekeeper
female	2	Mabel 's assistant , Ken Sadeghian , worked with her from the 1960s until her retirement .	assistant
female	6	Bonsaint also reveals that a daycare teacher named Jane Froelich had once slapped Polly over her behavior .	teacher
female	5	In her youth , the writer and scientist Carole Jahme was a performer in Cottle 's circus .  	writer
female	2	London based writer and artist Hari Rajaledchumy spoke about her personal finding of queer literature and Tamil queer literature in general .	writer
female	13	Aimée Beekman ( Malla ; born 20 April 1933 ) is an Estonian writer noted in her country for several books said to present realistic depictions of modern life .	writer
female	2	"Maude 's housekeeper , Florida Evans ( played by Esther Rolle ) , became popular in her own right and was given her own television series in 1974 , "" Good Times "" , which proved to be another hit for Lear 's production company ."	housekeeper
female	4	This shows that the teacher imparts knowledge to her students that she fails to possess herself .	teacher
female	5	The sketch ends when the clerk swoons out of sight behind her counter .	clerk
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	3	The show 's writer , Lena Dunham , worked there during her college years .	writer
female	0	Writer and journalist Matilde Serao co - founded the newspaper Il Mattino with her husband Edoardo Scarfoglio in 1892 .	writer
female	5	In 1950 a public health nurse arrived in her Arctic village ; Kenojuak , having tested positive in a tuberculosis screening , was sent against her will to Parc Savard hospital in Quebec City , where she stayed for over three years , from early 1952 to the summer of 1955 .	nurse
female	9	She began competitive football playing when her physical education teacher formed a girls ' team at her school .	teacher
female	11	My father sang them , my mother played them , my nurse , Emma , breathed them through her teeth ...	nurse
female	39	""" The New York Times "" reviewer Thomas Fisk called the novel "" a long , spacious , comprehensive work of fiction "" which has "" something Olympian , something magnificently confident [ about how ] this South African writer goes about her work . """	writer
female	14	She attended the local public schools , while at school , a female chemistry teacher led her to her pursuit of the field as a career .	teacher
female	3	Elsie 's art teacher disappears with her tuition fee .	teacher
female	27	As Marshal Cho , the son of a military governor , wanders around the area of Shitoucheng indiscriminately killing and robbing from civilians , a school - teacher named Ms Pak flees with her students , and along with other refugees are admitted into Pucheng , which belongs to another governor .	teacher
female	16	From a young age , she was cultivated to become a concert pianist , until a teacher dissuaded her during her final year of high school from pursuing music as a career .	teacher
female	15	Frances Cluett ( June 25 , 1883 – November , 1969 ) was an army nurse and educator from Newfoundland , noted for her service during World War I , and especially for her many letters back home beginning in 1916 that conveyed the eye - opening experiences of a young woman leaving home for the first time and explaining in vivid detail the horrors of war .	nurse
female	1	"Rock writer and musician Lenny Kaye referred to her music as "" shimmering nighttime pop . """	writer
female	1	Her teacher is patient with her inability to speak , but firm , and daily prompts Ilse to say her name .	teacher
female	7	A year after they met , the writer Adriana ( Giovanna Antonelli ) , now a successful writer , happily follows in her romance with André ( Reynaldo Gianecchini ) , who is about to launch his newest fashion collection during a cruise Caribbean and will travel from the US to Mexico accompanied by Anitta ( Rhaisa Batista ) , a top model desired by men .	writer
female	9	She was arrested in White Plains when a postal clerk , alerted by the police , intercepted a postcard to her from her father in California .	clerk
female	9	On her last day of school , Ana 's teacher , Mr. Guzman ( George Lopez ) , asks her to consider applying to colleges .	teacher
female	1	Each writer stays in her own hand - crafted cottage .	writer
female	3	A culinary arts teacher pulled Hogg and others inside her classroom and they hid in a closet .	teacher
female	6	"But in her view an earlier writer , Basil Maine , correctly distinguishes between the tone of "" The Spirit of England "" and that of other imperialist Elgar works : """	writer
female	7	Before her departure , Anne 's legal assistant brings more details about Tibor Zoldan , who died in a hit - and - run car accident .	assistant
female	15	During her regency Aleppo was threatened from many directions by powerful neighbours , but contemporary writer all attest to her diplomatic skills in keeping Aleppo free from conflict .	writer
female	19	She tries all means to get close to him , including believing that a magic spell could make her teacher fall in love with her .	teacher
female	3	was an American librarian most noted for her influence in establishing education for librarianship .	librarian
female	3	Rafał Blechacz 's teacher , Popowa - Zydroń is best known for her work as a pedagogue .	teacher
female	5	In her application , the clerk attempted to overcome not only the questions of her interest in intervening and standing to appeal , but that she , as a public official , is suffering irreparable harm .	clerk
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	7	Several hours later , the village health assistant and a second man found Ramírez conscious and alert , along with her live baby .	assistant
female	2	"Also a writer , Miller published a volume of poetry , "" Metrical Musings "" , with her sister Catherine in 1856 ."	writer
female	1	A nurse , she has taken breaks from her career when it was economically practical , to nurture her family .	nurse
female	23	"Ingeborg Markgraf - Dannenberg ( 18 March 1911 – 22 March 1996 ) was a Swiss naturalist , botanist , taxonomist , and teacher noted for her work at the Institute for Systematic Botany at the University of Zurich , in particular her work classifying the genus "" Festuca "" ."	teacher
female	10	Named after Elizabeth Kenny ( 1886–1952 ) , the Australian nurse known for her technique of treating poliomyelitis , or infantile paralysis , Kenny developed a system of therapy , which was sometimes too elaborate , too extensive and too time - consuming .	nurse
female	11	"According to Yevgeny Yevtushenko , she "" enchanted everybody , her teacher included , with her brilliant , masterful poetry "" and had tremendous success with her debut book "" Dvor Tchudes """	teacher
female	1	"The housekeeper , Mrs. Medlock , coldly welcomes Mary to Yorkshire on her arrival ( "" The House Upon the Hill "" ) ."	housekeeper
female	1	"Another writer , Lynne Frame , said in her book that a large number of scientists and health professionals have analyzed and reviewed the degree of femininity of flappers ' appearance and behavior , given the "" boyishness "" of the flapper look and behavior ."	writer
female	4	"In 2011 , a writer from "" Daily Express "" likened the sex appeal from her music video for "" On the Floor "" to that of "" I 'm Gon na Be Alright "" , writing : "" [ Lopez ] once told us in song that I ’m Gon na Be Alright and now she ’s proved it ."	writer
female	11	As Judith wallows in unrequited love , she discovers that the writer of her aunt 's love letters is the uncle of her romantic rival , Margery Gordon , played by actress Mildred Davis .	writer
female	1	The nurse , startled by this , quickly then takes the cigarette out of her mouth and puts it on a table .	nurse
female	2	Jenny 's teacher accuses her of being a non - fiction writer because of her prose resembling Jenny 's past .	teacher
female	5	""" Radiant Bride "" magazine writer , Paige Summerland ( Candace Cameron Bure ) , boards a flight to New York City on her way to meet her wealthy "" soulmate "" fiancé and future in - laws ."	writer
female	3	Eventually , the writer , producer at the French public radio station France Culture interviewed Gitta Mallasz about her spiritual adventure in his weekly program on March 22 , 1976 .	writer
female	17	"Charlotte Dison of Baptist Hospital of Miami stated that primary nursing increased nursing retention because "" the nurse is more satisfied with her environment ."	nurse
female	18	Primary Nursing is a return to the relationship between the nurse and patient being primary , with the nurse bringing all of her professional knowledge and expertise to her care of the patient .	nurse
female	11	During her inane lessons on Giotto 's perspective , the art teacher ( Fides Stagni ) dips a breakfast biscuit in milk .	teacher
female	12	Louisa was inspired in her youth by the conditions in which her nurse lived in her advanced age : the old woman lived in one of the poorest districts in London .	nurse
female	19	Ann Quin ( born 17 March 1936 in Brighton , Sussex – 27 August 1973 ) was a British writer noted for her experimental style .	writer
female	2	An administrative assistant for the church caused an explosion at her home in 2015 , and was given probation , but later committed suicide ; the funeral was held at the church she worked at .	assistant
female	4	Her sixth grade English teacher suggested to her parents that May should express her creativity in some way .	teacher
female	3	Self 's drama teacher , Bertha May Johns , was a great inspiration to him as well as to her other students .	teacher
female	24	"Her style was marked by experimental forms with some aspects of metafiction ; in her short story "" Journey to Porquis "" , a writer on a train trip realizes that all of his fellow passengers are characters in his novel ."	writer
female	19	In their final sketch , Edward tells Samantha that he will be out the next day and that another teacher will be covering for him , much to her shock .	teacher
female	14	"On her appearance in the dramatic thriller "" Return to Paradise "" , a writer for "" The New York Times "" remarked , "" as Ms. Heche 's formidable Beth Eastern does her best to manipulate the other characters on [ co - star Joaquin Phoenix 's character ] behalf , "" Return to Paradise "" takes on the abstract weightiness of an ethical debate rather than the visceral urgency of a thriller "" ."	writer
female	15	The narrative portion of the work is supposed to represent the final lessons that the teacher is giving to her students on how to best use the education that they have received at Harmony Grove when they enter into society .	teacher
female	5	In 1969 , a female clerk at the Skin Department of the Helsinki University Central Hospital reported itchiness on her neck .	clerk
female	3	"A middle school teacher commented on her "" unwavering "" generosity for sharing her story and time ."	teacher
female	13	"Regarding her award - winning poetry collection "" Caída libre "" , the writer and critic Sabas Martín finds connections with the innovating poetry of César Vallejo , and the images created by Federico García Lorca and Gabriela Mistral ."	writer
female	7	"However , like Sozomen , the entry writer confused her with her sister and calls her "" Constantia Augusta "" ."	writer
female	2	"Another staff writer labeled Thompson 's performance as her best since "" Sense and Sensibility "" , and stated that "" she makes the Australian - born British transplant a curmudgeonly delight . """	writer
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	2	An inexperienced assistant at Writers House responded to her inquiry , not knowing that young adult books are expected to be about 40,000 to 60,000 words in length .	assistant
female	47	Both jobs are equally important to him in their own ways : he chooses to protect the innocent and punish the wicked , both human and yōkai , focusing primarily on those still young and innocent enough to have the need of a guardian , as his teacher had done before her death .	teacher
female	11	After an overdose , Zoey returns to rehab , where her counselor Mike Harper ( Andrew McCarthy ) works with her parents to help Zoey break free of her addiction .	counselor
female	6	"By 1909 the "" coming "" Teacher was a main topic of her lectures and writings ."	teacher
female	6	In her time at UConn , Nurse played under head coach Geno Auriemma , alongside players such as Breanna Stewart , Gabby Williams and Napheesa Collier .	nurse
female	1	This assistant , Vierran of House Guaranty , is a young woman in her twenties who considers herself a friend of the Reigner 's Servant , Mordion Agenos .	assistant
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	2	Vaughn lead teacher strikes four times during her tenure as union president , 1984 ( 10 days ) , 1985 ( 2 days ) and most notably 1987 ( 19 days ) .	teacher
female	2	A prolific writer , she produced a large number of articles and books on her occult ideas and also authored seven novels , several of which expound occult themes .	writer
female	6	Only 41 years old , the writer died in her apartment on Kissingenplatz 12 of medication overdose and poisonous gas .	writer
female	1	The writer and poet Karin Boye lived in Fjärdingen during her undergraduate studies in Uppsala and wrote several works partially inspired by her own student experience .	writer
female	5	In her work , the writer shows the new models of women , within the perspective of equality , in which she seeks a break with the traditional roles of women .	writer
female	4	A self - employed accountant makes $ 50,000 per year from her accounting business .	accountant
female	1	A nurse picked some cactus spines from her legs and rubbed some preparation on a blistered toe .	nurse
female	6	"A "" Mail & Guardian "" writer from the women 's network wrote about her positive impressions about meeting Allan at the event ."	writer
female	22	The four of them – Alisak , Prany , Vang and Noi – ride towards the helicopters on motorbike , with a nurse traveling with Noi on her bike .	nurse
female	1	"The writer also gained some fame after her letter on the curse of the Pharaohs to "" New York World "" was published ."	writer
female	10	As they sit on a park bench , her English teacher , Kazuma Ojiro appears in front of her and her brother .	teacher
female	1	Her teacher comes again in her home .	teacher
female	10	Hana is a twenty - year - old Canadian Army nurse torn between her youth and her maturity .	nurse
female	2	A new teacher , Uma ( Anasuya Subasinghe ) , arrives at a school with her first appointment in a remote village near Dambulla in Sri Lanka .	teacher
female	1	Her teacher of physical education in the seventh grade insisted on her switch over to football .	teacher
female	5	"In 1998 , a Catalan writer , Núria Perpinyà , created a fictional character , Aleph Banneker , in her novel "" Un bon error "" ( "" A Good Mistake "" ) ."	writer
female	1	A writer in her own right , Estelle Loomis worked on a number of literary projects throughout her marriage with Burgess , the two conferring together on each other 's work .	writer
female	22	"One day , she discovered on a chance visit to the school staff room that , against her name , a frowning teacher had scribbled : "" Too high spirited , too playful , too talkative , too naughty . """	teacher
female	9	- in rushes after him , but the undercover teacher puts a gun to her head .	teacher
female	1	"A writer for "" Sister 2 Sister "" commended Pru for her ability to convey emotion to the listener , and identified "" Prophecy of a Flower "" as their favorite track from the album ."	writer
female	22	In 1983 , they got their big break when Naomi convinced a record producer whose child she had cared for as a nurse to come to her home and listen to the act .	nurse
female	39	The publication of the first book became a source of controversy and media attention when , a week before its release , the State of Connecticut unexpectedly sued its incarcerated contributors — not for the six thousand dollars each writer would collect after her release from prison but for the entire cost of her incarceration , calculated at $ 117 per day times the number of days in her prison sentence .	writer
female	17	Following her death , at her high school in Winchester , Massachusetts , Laurie Owen 's English teacher read a poem to her classmates that Laurie had recently written .	teacher
female	1	"Television writer / producer Amy Sherman - Palladino used a trip to Washington Depot and the Mayflower Inn with her husband Daniel as the inspiration and basis for the fictional town of Stars Hollow seen in her television series "" Gilmore Girls "" , along with Lorelai Gilmore 's workplace , the Independence Inn ."	writer
female	6	It is said that the prolific writer worked until her sudden death .	writer
female	1	The writer was a prolific novelist before , during and after her marriage .	writer
female	13	"In her Latin class — the catalyst of her feigning rabies — the teacher asks for the definition of "" Medicus moribundus "" ."	teacher
female	3	The first head librarian , Blanche Mitchell , lived with her husband in one of the upstairs rooms of Cook House .	librarian
female	12	Also contributing to her love of literature was her high school Spanish teacher , Dr. Carmen	teacher
female	2	His music teacher in 6th grade , Mrs. Deb Wade , taught Sonic Foundry Acid Pro to all her middle school students .	teacher
female	17	Fannie Lee Chaney ( September 4 , 1921 – May 22 , 2007 ) was an American baker turned civil rights activist after her son James Chaney was murdered by the Ku Klux Klan during the 1964 Freedom Summer rides in Mississippi .	baker
female	5	"A "" Sports Illustrated "" writer also ranked the team 11th in her power rankings ."	writer
female	2	A former teacher and a member of a choir , she was popular in her community .	teacher
female	2	"Horner 's assistant , Sylvia Patrycja , wrote on her Facebook page , "" We have lost an amazing person with a huge heart and unbelievable talent [ who ] died doing what he loved . """	assistant
female	5	In her novel , the writer skillfully uses knowledge of the life and way of life of the people , shows the colorful characters and mentality of the Bashkirs .	writer
female	15	The daughter of Marianne and Guy , Yasmin is being bullied at school because her teacher ( Joe Lewiston ) commented on her facial hair in front of the class .	teacher
female	2	Miranda 's assistant , Carla , is unaware of her criminal activities .	assistant
female	13	Marilyn Stasio highlights the issues faced by Mma Ramotswe when her long time assistant has a baby .	assistant
female	7	A Radio France investigation identified that one nurse who had attended the event was the origin of a subsequent cluster in Strasbourg at her workplace at the Strasbourg University Hospitals involving some 250 hospital colleagues .	nurse
female	1	The nurse orchestrates matters so that the disguised Frol and Annushka are together in her chambers , and tells him to play a game of ‘ bride and groom ’ .	nurse
female	5	Based on her description the housekeeper tells the Governess about Peter Quint , the former valet at Bly House .	housekeeper
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	2	A prolific writer , Novakov has received numerous awards and grants for her research and art criticism .	writer
female	11	Dr. Nirmala Prasad ( 1951-December 5 , 2019 ) was a teacher and educationist from South India noted for her position as the former principal of M.O.P. Vaishnav College for Women and as the former Head of the Department at Ethiraj College for Women in Chennai , Tamil Nadu .	teacher
female	1	"Another teacher had been checking off students on her class list , when she heard pops , "" like firecrackers "" , and thought it was an ill - advised attempt to frighten the children , to potentially make them take the drill seriously ."	teacher
female	1	The writer spent time until World War I in her estate in the company of Jadwiga Skirmuntt or Helena Weychert .	writer
female	17	She is eventually put on bedrest by her physician and must rely on Matthews after her personal assistant quits due to her unreasonable demands .	assistant
female	4	In 1983 , an assistant from the Gorky Film Studio came to her school , who was looking for children with good diction .	assistant
female	1	Another teacher , Barbara Morgan , served as her backup .	teacher
female	5	"Of her poetry , a writer in the "" Christian Examiner "" remarked that it was "" impossible to find fault ."	writer
female	2	A cunning nurse and con artist Belle Haimes ( Valri Bromfield ) lives with her simpleton of a husband Rex Haimes ( Stephen E. Miller ) in the Hart Mansion in British Columbia .	nurse
female	1	"A nurse held out at her house for two days waiting for rescue , while "" Several of our doctors ' children do n't go to school anymore "" because "" People insult them , close relatives are distant ."	nurse
female	2	One Army nurse died in a plane crash on her way to Korea on July 27 , 1950 , shortly after hostilities began .	nurse
female	1	"American writer , Sylvia Wright , coined the term in her essay """	writer
female	4	The kids ' school teacher , noted for her devotion to being a good educator , and her sometimes unorthodox teaching style which included once teaching History while wearing a suit of armour .	teacher
female	15	A patient sits in the birth chair , gripping the handles and the midwife ’s assistant stands behind her providing support .	assistant
female	16	Annie misbehaves in school to make her parents come speak to the teacher , but the teacher does not call for her mother .	teacher
female	2	The infant teacher had 63 children in her class and one of Mr. Melton 's first actions as headmaster was to appoint another teacher for that group .	teacher
female	19	She was also a Team Manager for their gymnastics team during her first three years and served as volunteer assistant coach her senior year .	assistant
female	1	"Another writer for "" The Oregonian "" wrote of her and others ' dislike for the sculpture , saying it serves as a "" free sex - education lesson "" for schoolchildren ."	writer
female	2	The lead writer , Meg Jayanth , won a UK Writer 's Guild award for her work on the project .	writer
female	1	One teacher addressed this incident in her classroom , another spoke to a student about it , and a third withdrew her letter of recommendation for the student involved .	teacher
female	10	When Hydaspes realized what had happened , he ordered the nurse buried alive for her betrayal and his daughter crucified .	nurse
female	1	"The writer compared it to her previous release , "" Loose "" and claimed that "" Timbaland 's inventive approach to dance motion is much missed "" . """	writer
female	50	"The Chinese Boy and Girl "" , recounts that his own interest in Chinese children 's rhymes began with a summer - time conversation with Mrs. Fenn on the veranda of the Fenns ' house in the hills , fifteen miles west of Peking , in which he heard a nurse teach the following rhyme to her child Henry Fenn :"	nurse
female	15	"He died or the couple separated soon after 1664 , however from this point the writer used "" Mrs Behn "" as her professional name ."	writer
female	6	"On 6 October 1942 , a writer named Judith Cass had used the term "" super model "" for her article in the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which headlined "" Super Models Are Signed for Fashion Show "" ."	writer
female	10	At approximately 6 a.m. on 13 July 1954 , her nurse found her dead in her bed .	nurse
female	14	"But both of them now and then would take their child , which the nurse held in her armes , and dandle it . """	nurse
female	16	She is wearing the ring Laura Palmer and Teresa Banks wore before their deaths until a nurse steals the ring off her finger .	nurse
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	2	An excellent teacher , Dykes won a number of teaching awards during her 15 years of service at Howard University .	teacher
female	9	During the 1918 influenza epidemic , an African American nurse , Viola Pettus , living in the border area of Brewster County became legendary for her courageous and selfless treatment of anyone with the disease – including raiders and refugees from Mexico , and local members of the Ku Klux Klan .	nurse
female	17	Under such circumstances , Chan did not take her education seriously until the fifth grade when her teacher invited Chan and other students into her home .	teacher
female	2	An eminent writer in Hindi , Maitreyi Pushpa has ten novels and seven short story collections to her credit She also writes prolifically for newspapers on current issues concerning women , and adopts a questioning , daring and challenging stance in her writings .	writer
female	2	"The white nurse in charge of the hospital , Emily Parsons , wrote of her outrage that the women were limited to only one day a week and described them as "" intelligent colored women , ladies in fact , many of them well educated and wealthy . """	nurse
female	6	After a distressing incident when a teacher drew black circles around her eyes and humiliated her in front of her classmates , Sanmao stopped attending school .	teacher
female	3	Later as a nurse , Terri Burke , is getting into her car , she is stabbed by a woman , Serena .	nurse
female	2	The series writer , Sawako Natori , drew inspiration for her writing from shōnen manga .	writer
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	5	"In 1988 , while a nurse , Hunt auditioned on her lunch break for the role of waitress Sally Dibbs in "" Rain Man "" and won it ."	nurse
female	26	"Lena Lowis ( born Selina Caroline Shakespear ) ( 3 November 1845 , India - 18 November 1919 , London ) was an Indian - born writer , scientific and botanical illustrator , noted for her 1878 publication """	writer
female	9	In her intention to feel alive again , the writer creates an enigmatic character , a Donna di lágrima , a silent woman adored by men .	writer
female	9	After her second Premier League game , as an assistant in Liverpool 's 3–0 win at Wolverhampton Wanderers on 22 January 2011 , a sexism controversy erupted over remarks made about Massey - Ellis by staff of the Premier League broadcaster Sky Sports , which led to commentator Andy Gray and presenter Richard Keys being sacked .	assistant
female	8	In the second season , Jesse becomes a nurse and stories revolve around her friends instead of her family .	nurse
female	19	When her parents were brought from their village to register their births and those of their children , a clerk chose the official name Joênia Batista de Carvalho for her identification papers .	clerk
female	23	Raj started out by joining local beauty pageants , as well as oratorical contests at San Vicente High School , where her English teacher served as her coach .	teacher
female	4	"Turbeville recounts that her teacher did not like the content of her drawings ( "" apparently they were very weird "" ) and she was dismissed from school for a few weeks ."	teacher
female	2	""" The Writer "" is a song by English singer and songwriter Ellie Goulding from her debut album , "" Lights "" ( 2010 ) ."	writer
female	14	At the summer camp , she would uncover a nefarious plot that her camp counselor , who was to be voiced by Penn Jillette , was planning against her hometown .	counselor
female	26	"Debbie Doonan is described by Simon as "" the most glamorous woman in Reading "" , however , her glamorous reputation is temporarily tarnished when her hairdresser , Tameka , dies half way through her haircut ."	hairdresser
female	9	During her A - levels , Bryan 's maths teacher suggested she consider Engineering .	teacher
female	12	Susan is then given some painkillers , which Mike , When a nurse gives Susan some pain medication for her ankle , Mike wants Susan to share them with him .	nurse
female	5	"A deeply private and elusive writer , Farre disappeared from her lodgings just before the publication of "" Seal Morning "" ."	writer
female	13	In 1978 , in her senior year in high school , an English teacher introduced her to the music of Bob Dylan .	teacher
female	22	Nencini reported that the prize was awarded as Fallaci was During the award ceremony , held in New York City , the writer talked about her attempt to create a caricature of Mohammed , in reply to the polemic relating to similar caricatures that had appeared in French and Dutch newspapers .	writer
female	22	"The earliest recorded version of the rhyme appears in Thomas D'Urfey 's play "" The Campaigners "" from 1698 , where a nurse says to her charges :"	nurse
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	2	A Riverside teacher swore at her students , showed them R - rated movies , and generally was a bad teacher ; however , due to tenure rules , the district had to pay the teacher $ 25,000 USD to quit .	teacher
female	2	"When a writer from the Louisville Courier - Journal asked Kate about her technique , she said "" I am very conscious of light ..."	writer
female	12	"When Linda confronts Mrs. McKeltch , the teacher refuses to let the nurse examine the "" boil "" on her neck ."	nurse
female	3	Later , the teacher meets with Angela about her academic struggles .	teacher
female	19	At school , Matilda makes friends but discovers Trunchbull 's harsh punishments of the students , while Matilda 's teacher , Miss Jennifer Honey , takes a liking to Matilda due to her intelligence ; Honey requests Matilda be moved up to a higher class , but Trunchbull refuses .	teacher
female	9	For her 80th birthday party in 1973 , an assistant put together a tape of birthday greetings from Laurence Olivier , John Gielgud , and Ralph Richardson , among many other actors whom she had known .	assistant
female	16	In addition , the prosecution learned that , the day following the alleged assault , the housekeeper had made a phone call in her native Fula language to her boyfriend in an immigration detention center .	housekeeper
female	18	Although she spoke fluent French , Mary did not excel at French language studies , apparently because her teacher frowned upon her provincial accent .	teacher
female	1	"A writer for MuuMuse spoke favorably of her "" vocal and musical versatility "" and commended the project as a "" rock solid 5-track collection of next - level crunchy pop cuts . """	writer
female	13	"At her read - through for BBC executives , "" Absolutely Fabulous "" writer and star Jennifer Saunders was present ."	writer
female	1	"Other teacher joined in front of her , singing the anthem , and after that , all of the teachers that attended the congress sing the anthem , publicly testifying about "" their determination to serve their homeland , but not the occupier "" ."	teacher
female	3	Meanwhile , another teacher at M Girls ' Middle School , identified only by her surname Park , has been under investigation since she was dismissed in 2017 for sexually harassing a student .	teacher
female	32	"Jan Struther was the pen name of Joyce Anstruther , later Joyce Maxtone Graham and finally Joyce Placzek ( June 6 , 1901 – July 20 , 1953 ) , an English writer remembered for her character Mrs. Miniver and a number of hymns , such as "" Lord of All Hopefulness "" ."	writer
female	11	Because of a fight between her and Mrs. Rouse , the nurse soon leaves the house .	nurse
female	14	Euphan Todd ( 9 January 1890 – 2 February 1976 ) was an English writer widely remembered for her ten books for children about a scarecrow called Worzel Gummidge .	writer
female	1	Each nurse took care of her ward of six patients both day and night .	nurse
female	2	A nursery nurse had held her on her knee throughout the rehearsal to keep her under control .	nurse
female	20	The result was a one shot scene with Catherine Coulson about a woman attempting to write a letter while a nurse ( played by Lynch ) tends to her leg stumps .	nurse
female	45	"In Maria Wirtemberska 's novel "" Malvina , or the Heart 's Intuition "" ( 1816 ; English translation 2001 , by Ursula Phillips ) , it is said that a view that is being described merits the talent of Vernet , who as the writer explains in her own footnote was a whale painter ."	writer
female	45	"In Maria Wirtemberska 's novel "" Malvina , or the Heart 's Intuition "" ( 1816 ; English translation 2001 , by Ursula Phillips ) , it is said that a view that is being described merits the talent of Vernet , who as the writer explains in her own footnote was a sea painter ."	writer
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .  	secretary
female	8	"In her view , "" The ideal cookery writer is one who makes his readers want to cook as well as telling them how it is done ; he should leave something , not too much perhaps , but a little , unsaid : people must make their own discoveries , use their own intelligence , otherwise they will be deprived of part of the fun . """	writer
female	2	An avid baker from the fictional town of Bentwick , Massachusetts , her story centers around her dreams of being an aspiring entrepreneur , with her trip to Paris as a key plot point .	baker
female	24	"Besant had started commenting on the possibly imminent arrival of the next emissary as early as 1896 ; by 1909 the proclaimed "" coming Teacher "" was a main topic of her lectures and writings ."	teacher
female	3	As a Latina writer drawing on her own life experiences , much of her works gave voice to the complexities of lives straddling two worlds : working - class Mexican - American heritage and southern California pop culture .	writer
female	7	"After her death , the conservative gay writer and political commentator , Andrew Sullivan , claimed that "" [ m]any on the social right liked Andrea Dworkin ."	writer
female	8	""" The Sydney Morning Herald "" 's art writer , John McDonald , said of her work "" It often seems to me she 's only got one tune , but it 's a pretty good tune "" ."	writer
female	19	"In an episode of "" Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee "" , Wentworth said a "" well - known writer "" once offered $ 40,000 for a night with her ."	writer
female	3	A K-12 music teacher in Macomb County 's Fraser Public Schools , Herbart served in numerous leadership roles within her local , including local president .	teacher
female	16	However , the school 's history goes back to 1957 when Renate Lemke , a Kindergarten teacher opened a Day care for the children of German immigrants in her own home .	teacher
female	9	That afternoon , to her delight , a piano teacher arrives .	teacher
female	6	In her teens , her dance teacher , Mary Bruce , included her in her annual show at the Regal Theater in Chicago .	teacher
female	1	The nurse , underfed and overworked , just sinking on to her bed , hardly able to hold herself up , after coping with some thirty typhoid and other patients , with only the untrained help of two Boer girls – cooking as well as nursing to do herself .  	nurse
female	21	"Beverly Ann Donofrio ( born 23 September 1950 ) is an American memoirist , children 's author , and creative writing teacher most noted for her 1992 best selling memoir , "" Riding in Cars with Boys "" ."	teacher
female	20	At the farewell party after the final exams , Sid meets Aisha ( Konkona Sen Sharma ) , an aspiring writer recently moved away from her hometown of Calcutta , who happens to be one of his college mate 's roommate .	writer
female	7	In her prologue to Tinta Invisible the writer and journalist Maria Lourdes Pallais indicates what she considers the great contribution of this innovating work :	writer
female	9	She has no friends to speak of and her teacher is also her mother 's boyfriend .	teacher
female	19	"Orhan Pamuk is a nominal detective story with extensive meditations on mysticism and obsessive love , while another Turkish writer , Elif Şafak , intertwines romantic love and Sufism in her 2010 book """	writer
female	15	Louise Thomas GC ( 11 August 1905 – 22 November 1989 ) was a British nurse awarded the Empire Gallantry Medal ( EGM ) for her actions preventing a major incident at the Middlesex Hospital in January 1934 .	nurse
female	3	Her high school teacher as well as her undergraduate adviser were both very encouraging of her pursuits into the geosciences .	teacher
female	10	Annie puts two and two together and figures out the nurse put medicine in her food to make her sick and was being cruel on purpose .	nurse
female	1	Her nurse , Estefanía , received land from Alfonso and Eleanor on her retirement in May 1181 .	nurse
female	1	Another nurse at Benton Barracks , Belle Coddington , wrote about her memories of the hospital in an 1895 reminiscence .	nurse
female	1	A teacher , she also served on the State Elections Commission and Alabama State Democratic Executive Committee prior to her election in 1983 .	teacher
female	8	"In her sketches she tended , as the writer of the shows , Alan Melville , recalled , to portray "" grotesque and usually unfortunate ladies of dubious age and occasionally , morals ; the unhappy female painted by Picasso who found herself lumbered with an extra limb or two … the even less fortunate female who , after years of playing the cello in Palm Court orchestras , ended up bow - legged beyond belief . """	writer
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	2	A kindhearted nurse ( Pandari Bai ) brings her up as her own child .	nurse
female	1	"A writer for "" Rap - Up "" praised it as "" her fiercest video yet "" ."	writer
female	4	The children help their teacher live a happier life after her win .	teacher
female	1	The writer died at her Bucharest home , where her family was preparing to celebrate New Year 's Day , 1954 .	writer
female	3	Instead , the teacher published 3 salutatorians in her place .	teacher
female	16	Clara Estelle Breed ( March 19 , 1906 – September 8 , 1994 ) was a librarian in San Diego , California , remembered chiefly for her support for Japanese American children during World War II .	librarian
female	12	"In her essay "" Always was always will be , "" Indigenous writer , activist and historian Jackie Huggins responds to Australian historian Bain Attwood 's "" deconstruction of Aboriginality "" in his analysis of Sally Morgan 's "" My Place "" , in addition to identifying problems that Huggins has with the book itself ."	writer
female	6	Weeks after her disappearance , a teacher reported that Charlie had claimed that his mother was dead .	teacher
female	1	His housekeeper , Mrs. Mills ( Snijders ) is not happy with her arrival and protests that it is impossible to accommodate Lizzie for three months .	housekeeper
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	14	Also inducted into the club are Sylvia ( Amy Brenneman ) , a fortysomething librarian recently separated from her philandering lawyer husband Daniel ( Jimmy Smits ) after over two decades of marriage ; Sylvia 's 20-something lesbian daughter Allegra ( Maggie Grace ) ; Jocelyn ( Maria Bello ) , a happily unmarried control freak and breeder of Rhodesian Ridgebacks , and Sylvia 's friend since childhood ; and Grigg ( Hugh Dancy ) , a science fiction fan invited into the group by Jocelyn with the hope to match him with Sylvia .	librarian
female	13	Eisman 's first - born son , Max , died after his night nurse rolled on top of him in her sleep .	nurse
female	4	Upon her return her nurse died and she grieved without consolation until the secular priest Heinrich von Nördlingen assumed her spiritual direction in 1332 .	nurse
female	3	"The Victorian food writer and poet Eliza Acton recommends the apple in her "" Modern cookery , in all its branches "" ( 1845 ) as the best apple to use when baking '"	writer
female	1	The assistant sits on the table with her legs stretched out and volunteers are invited to fasten the restraints around her neck and ankles .	assistant
female	8	She also narrates an incident where her English teacher humiliated her for her poor English .	teacher
female	24	In September 1981 , team leader nurse Phyllis Trayner ( died 2011 ) found heart drug capsules in food she was eating and another nurse found the capsules in her soup .	nurse
female	2	A prolific writer , Ingvil Aarbakke wrote most of the 400 pages of the N55 Book together with her husband Ion Sørvin .	writer
female	1	The writer , Toni Ann Johnson , won the 1998 Humanitas Prize for her teleplay .	writer
female	8	"For her success across multiple sports , one writer has called Barclay "" the Sonny Bill Williams of women 's sport "" ."	writer
female	18	They then give the teacher a car air freshener with a hidden camera inside , which records the teacher having wild sex in her car with her secret lover .	teacher
female	5	In her statement , the teacher alleged that Long had issues long before his military service .	teacher
female	1	Kaumudi Teacher died 4 August 2009 in Kannur at the age of 92 , due to her failing health .	teacher
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	5	For example , as the nurse listens to her client she develops a general impression of the client 's situation .	nurse
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	9	In 2009 , Ruth Ralphs confirmed that the first teacher lived with her grandparents , Oscar and Mary Ralphs , but she could n't remember the teacher 's name .	teacher
female	11	What ’s different about this traditional American class room is the teacher only speaks Chinese to her students .	teacher
female	14	A mildly jealous Richard asks to meet this teacher , but Christine insists her teacher is only a figment of her imagination .	teacher
female	8	"The kids do not know what the new teacher will look like , only her name , a rather pungent moniker of "" Miss Crabtree "" ."	teacher
female	3	This leaves the assistant apparently held in a standing posture inside the cabinet , with her arms at her sides and with little leeway for movement .	assistant
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	1	The nurse bounces baby Elizabeth on her knee before placing her into her bath .	nurse
female	6	Her father was a country school teacher and the family moved around to several regional centres during her youth .	teacher
female	7	In one scene , an obviously gay hairdresser is talking to Kitty Bellairs about her love affairs .	hairdresser
female	1	"Science writer Rebecca Boyle visited the village for her 2018 essay """	writer
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	Conservative writer Rod Dreher has written about her death , arguing that it should receive the same level of media attention as the death of Matthew Shepard .	writer
female	6	"For her troubles , the French writer Léon Daudet nicknamed her "" Madam Tata , the Clairvoyant "" in 1933 ."	writer
female	1	"Crime writer Mary Roberts Rinehart influenced horror literature with her novel "" The Circular Staircase "" ( 1908 ) , adapted into the silent film "" The Bat "" ( 1926 ) , about guests in a remote mansion menaced by a killer in a grotesque mask ."	writer
female	1	"SF writer C. J. Cherryh writes on her website , "" I was a witness of pre - peacebonding times , was narrowly missed , and assure you this is a good idea ."	writer
female	2	Head - writer Robert Soderbergh had been friends with Susann before her death in the 1970s and regularly spoke at length with Linda Dano about Susann 's passion for living .	writer
female	17	"Shortly after her re - election to a second term , "" Ottawa Citizen "" citizen staff writer Jacquie Miller described Holzman as "" probably the most fiscally conservative councillor "" during her first term , and contrasted her with councillors who were less sympathetic to large building development projects ."	writer
female	3	"In 2003 , writer / producer Sandra Robbie received an Emmy Award for her documentary "" Mendez vs. Westminster :"	writer
female	10	Some time later , what seemed to be a virtual assistant mobile app popped into her screen , and it started asking Chloe questions that were impossible to be said by a mere app .	assistant
female	3	"New York based writer Rebecca Spence spoke with Baker about this line in her article called "" Boundary Issues "" :"	writer
female	0	Writer Sarah Stuteville won a 2004 James Aronson Award for Social Justice Journalism for her work with the Indypendent and has since founded the Common Language Project .	writer
female	6	"In her 2010 retrospective review , writer and critic Jo Walton described it as "" certainly one of the most important books of the last twenty years . """	writer
female	22	"The Wall Street Journal "" said "" History might have forgotten Claudette Colvin , or relegated her to footnote status , had writer Phillip Hoose not stumbled upon her name in the course of other research and tracked her down . """	writer
female	0	Writer Abi Morgan said of her inspirations for the series .	writer
female	2	"The Cornish writer C. C. Vyvyan wrote in her 1948 book "" Our Cornwall "" : "" A man might live and die among us and never gain throughout his allotted span of life one glimpse of the essential Cornwall or the essential Cornishman . """	writer
female	1	"American writer Vicki Santillano included it in her list of the 10 most popular conspiracy theories , describing it as the "" wackiest theory "" she had encountered ."	writer
female	1	"Entertainment writer Paul Freeman , in the "" Palo Alto Daily News "" , wrote of her two latest releases : "" Dazzling Australian Julia Messenger offers not one , but two electrifying new albums ."	writer
female	1	"As writer Anaïs Nin discussed in her 1968 book "" The Novel of the Future "" :  "	writer
female	8	A one - time friend , the English writer Harriet Martineau was one of her harshest detractors after Fuller 's death .	writer
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	16	"In her introduction to the 2007 reprint of "" Winter in the Blood "" , fellow writer Louise Erdrich said : "" It is a central and inspiring text to a generation of western regional and Native American writers , including me . """	writer
female	20	"In her review of the "" Sailor Moon SuperS "" English dubbed blu - ray for Anime News Network , writer Rebecca Silverman described the Dead Moon Circus as a visually interesting element ."	writer
female	9	"In her "" New York Times "" review , writer Katherine Anne Porter ( best known for her novel "" Ship of Fools "" ) wrote : “ "" The House of Breath "" is not a well - made novel , indeed it is not a novel at all but a sustained evocation of the past … . ”"	writer
female	1	"The writer Colette , who was 67 when the war began , worked quietly on her "" mémoires "" in her apartment at 9 "" rue du Beaujolais "" , next to the gardens of the Palais - Royal ."	writer
female	11	News of Viper 's Creed went on the internet when screenplay writer Ai Ōta announced on her official blog that Shinji Aramaki would be involved in the creation of the show .	writer
female	20	"The Scandinavians were not the only ones to place strong emphasis on the beauty of blond hair ; the French writer Christine de Pisan writes in her book "" The Treasure of the City of Ladies "" ( 1404 ) that "" there is nothing in the world lovelier on a woman 's head than beautiful blond hair "" ."	writer
female	4	The novelist and agricultural writer Doreen Wallace moved to Wortham in 1922 for her married life .	writer
female	2	"Engine 145 writer Karlie Justus gave it a thumbs - down , with her review saying that Shelton 's "" honest , vibrant vocal performance is nearly canceled out by a tinny instrumental mix of anonymous background vocals and a looping drum beat "" ."	writer
female	5	The 20th - century cookery writer Elizabeth David references Rundell in her articles , collected in	writer
female	7	"She attracted particular attention for what the writer Hank Davis describes as "" her ample physical development ."	writer
female	1	"Greek writer Penelope Delta portrayed them in her novel """	writer
female	5	After her death , the writer Marcel Berger , her close friend , found the unfinished manuscript among her belongings in her house on boulevard Pereire .	writer
female	0	"Writer Barbara Kingsolver popularized the movement in her 1998 novel "" The Bean Trees "" , in which she provides a fictional account of a sanctuary member housing refugees in her Tucson home ."	writer
female	8	"In her review for Anime News Network , writer Melissa Harper praised the series ' artwork , but criticized its pace and lack of character development . """	writer
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	1	"The writer María Dueñas makes a portrait of this character in her first novel "" The Time In Between "" ( 2009 , translated into English by Daniel Hahn 2011 ) , set in the cities of Tangiers , Tetouan ( capital of the Spanish Protectorate of Morocco ) and Madrid in the context of the Spanish Civil War and the beginning of World War II ."	writer
female	8	Shortly before her death in 1975 , Fortean writer Loren Coleman visited Ms. deFord frequently and interviewed her about her earlier interactions with Fort and her trips to Chico , California , to investigate the case of a poltergeist rock - thrower on Fort 's behalf .	writer
female	4	""" Dimestore : A Writer ’s Life "" published in 2016 is the story of her life in Grundy and beyond ."	writer
female	7	"In her review , "" Concrete "" writer Melissa Haggar called "" Sober "" a key example of the personal and meaningful lyrics behind "" Revival "" , calling the track "" somber and satisfying "" ."	writer
female	6	According to Michel Surya , french writer Georges Bataille threw pages of Blake 's book into the casket of his friend and lover Colette Peignot on her death in 1938 .	writer
female	3	Children 's novel writer Butterfly Wong ( Maggie Shiu ) is unsuccessful in her career and relationship .	writer
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	6	When he was 13 , voice teacher Connie Cox accepted him as her student in exchange for work around her house .	teacher
female	1	The writer Arundhati Roy is famous for her anti - nuclear position and her activism against India 's massive hydroelectric dam project , sponsored by the World Bank .	writer
female	18	"Duffy was also a popular speaker at conferences , annual meetings and other events across Canada and , writer Stevie Cameron noted in her 1990 book "" Ottawa Inside Out "" , was probably the most - recognized journalist on Parliament Hill ."	writer
female	7	"In her "" Vibe "" review , writer Shenequa Golding wrote that "" if you 're looking for some good R&B tunes , Tamia 's got you [ ... ] """	writer
female	2	Fan magazine writer George MacCauley visits Hollywood 's reigning sex goddess Rita Marlowe in her swank New York hotel and confesses that this is only his second interview , the first having been titled ' Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter ? '	writer
female	3	"Cuban - American writer Daína Chaviano paid homage to Anaïs Nin and Henry Miller in her novel "" Gata encerrada "" ( 2001 ) , where both characters are portraited as disembodied spirits whose previous lives they shared with Melisa , the main character — and presumably Chaviano 's alter ego-- , a young Cuban obsessed with Anaïs Nin .  "	writer
female	0	"Writer Aimee Bender was struggling with her first short stories when a friend gave her a copy of "" Nine Stories "" ; inspired , she later described Salinger 's effect on writers , explaining : """	writer
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	17	"It is clear that many girls were engaging with the medium by reading romance comics , but writer Suzanne Scott warns in her 2013 essay "" Fangirls in refrigerators : The politics of ( in)visibility in comic book culture "" that :"	writer
female	0	"Writer Ayn Rand argued in her book "" "" that the protection of intellectual property is essentially a moral issue ."	writer
female	1	"Wine writer Karen MacNeil refers to Delamotte 's blanc de blancs as her "" desert island "" choice and includes the wine among her list of "" Champagnes to Know . """	writer
female	3	"Wealthy murder mystery writer Paula Bradford ( Jean Arthur ) returns from her worldwide travels to see her former husband , surgeon Dr. Lawrence "" Brad "" Bradford ( William Powell ) ."	writer
female	6	"In the 1930s , American communist writer Myra Page described Podolsk in her pamphlet "" Soviet Main Street "" ."	writer
female	4	"In six issues , writer Chris Claremont takes Kitty Pryde fresh from her breakup with Colossus in "" Uncanny X - Men # 183 "" and puts her through a trial of fire in which she confronts her inner demons and emerges victorious ."	writer
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	3	""" Vulture "" writer Lindsey Weber was more critical in her brief review ."	writer
female	2	Blog Critics writer Kirsten Coachman was more receptive in her article on the album .	writer
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	3	"African - American writer Zora Neale Hurston explored the effects of the hurricane on black migrant workers in her seminal 1937 novel , "" Their Eyes Were Watching God "" ."	writer
female	2	Meanwhile clumsy baker Olympia tends to her disabled and abusive father , who constantly berates her .	baker
female	1	"Scottish writer Muriel Spark pushed the boundaries of realism in her novels . """	writer
female	31	"Rungstedlund , also known at the Karen Blixen Museum , is a country house on the east coast which has been preserved to present the house in which the renowned Danish writer Karen Blixen , author of "" Out of Africa "" , lived until her death in 1962 ."	writer
female	5	Moreover , the film 's writer Juhi Chaturvedi also took care of her mother in hospital for years before she was finally put on ventilator but could n't be revived .	writer
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	1	The writer and social activist Frances Power Cobbe lived with her partner , the sculptor Mary Lloyd , at No .	writer
female	6	"In her book "" "" , writer Mary Roach observes that Li Shizhen "" is careful to point out that he does not know for certain whether the mellified man story is true . """	writer
female	1	Pioneer librarian Sadie Peterson Delaney used bibliotherapy in her work at the VA Hospital in Tuskegee , Alabama from 1924 to her death in 1958 .	librarian
female	2	English travel writer Isabella Bird visited Akayu on her travels in Japan in 1878 .	writer
female	6	"From the Library of Congress , writer Luisa Valenzuela reads from her book "" Aquí pasan cosas raras """	writer
female	15	"In her review of "" Eternity , in Your Arms "" , "" Clash "" writer Dannii Leivers described "" Suzanne "" as "" raging pop punk capable of uniting the hardcore kids , crusty punks and goths in one uber - alt mob "" , comparing it stylistically to preceding album track "" Poison Pens "" ."	writer
female	15	"In her review of "" Eternity , in Your Arms "" , "" Clash "" writer Dannii Leivers praised the song 's "" fantastic chorus "" ."	writer
female	5	"The New York Times "" writer Jenna Wortham commended Cher on her social media usage , saying "" Most celebrities ' social - media feeds feel painfully self - aware and thirsty   ..."	writer
female	8	"Despite her relatively few publications , the Austrian writer Gerhard Ruiss commented that there was absolutely no doubt Doris Mühringer was one of "" the most important contributors to Austrian poetry over the last few decades "" ."	writer
female	10	The building has multiple apartments , where the notable Portuguese writer Agustina Bessa - Luís lived during her early teenager years , a period when she developed her writing style , while studying in nearby Colégio do Sagrado Coração de Jesus .	writer
female	0	Writer and anthropologist Zora Neale Hurston used Negro dialect in her novels , contrary to the practice of the other writers in the Harlem Renaissance .	writer
female	2	The hymn writer Sarah Flower Adams ( 1805–1848 ) lived with her husband William Bridges Adams ( 1797–1872 ) at a house called ' Sunnybank ' , demolished in 1888 and replaced by No .	writer
female	2	"South African writer Rozena Maart , currently resident in Canada , won the Canadian Journey Prize for her short story "" No Rosa , No District Six "" ."	writer
female	3	""" EastEnders "" writer Sarah Phelps has described the character as sharp , smart with elements of her mother in her ."	writer
female	0	writer Paul Cornell commented on her new traits , stating that :	writer
female	10	In her account of Kuprin 's last months , the writer Lydia Nord painted a picture of a disillusioned old man who felt he was a stranger in his native country .	writer
female	1	GigaOm writer Liz Shannon Miller wrote in her January 5 , 2011 review , “ There ’s a theatrical feel to the bulk of the series , which is one way of saying that the plotting feels a little slight at times , with many episodes representing nice illustrations of scene work as opposed to engaging storytelling . ”	writer
female	1	The writer Elizabeth Byrd rented 14 rooms with her second husband , Barrie Gaunt in the 1960s .	writer
female	2	"The cookery writer Eliza Acton observes in her 1845 book , "" Modern Cookery for Private Families "" , that John Dory "" though of uninviting appearance , is considered by some person(s ) as the most delicious fish that appears at [ the ] table "" ."	writer
female	4	"Upon her death , writer Jean Cocteau observed in an obituary , "" Her voice , slightly off - key , was that of the Parisian street hawkers — the husky , trailing voice of the Paris people ."	writer
female	1	"Cuban writer Daína Chaviano uses the xana motif in her novel "" The Island of Eternal Love "" ."	writer
female	1	"American writer E. Lockhart reviewed the book for "" Salon "" under her real name Emily Jenkins ."	writer
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	"The writer John C. Waugh drew extensively from her works in his joint biography of the Pryors : """	writer
female	0	"Writer and journalist Samantha Ellis of "" The Guardian "" , in her overview of the play , thought critics found Burton to be "" most authentic "" for his role ."	writer
female	1	"The writer Susan Cooper leads her characters to "" Bird Rock "" in her book "" The Grey King "" from "" The Dark Is Rising "" Sequence ."	writer
female	0	"Writer Josh Tyrangiel praised Winehouse for her confidence , opining , "" What she is is mouthy , funny , sultry , and quite possibly crazy "" and , "" It 's impossible not to be seduced by her originality ."	writer
female	13	"In her book "" Parti - colored Blocks for a Quilt "" , writer Marge Piercy described how she used needle cards instead of a notebook :"	writer
female	1	Irish writer James Joyce was also one of her guests .	writer
female	1	"The writer Stefan Zweig wrote of her dancing that "" when she steps onto the stage with her nature - given gait , which her training only polished , and suddenly soars up in a wild leap , the impression is that of a storm suddenly splitting the quiet of a humdrum existence . """	writer
female	6	"The empress 's loyal Wet - Nurse Rong , serves as her sort of "" sidekick "" throughout the series ."	nurse
female	0	Writer Tom DeFalco was the lead writer behind her creation , while artist John Romita Jr. designed her .	writer
female	1	"The writer Olive Cook had this debased approach firmly in her sights when she attacked , "" the rash of semi - detached villas , bedizened with Tudor gables , mock half - timber work , rough cast and bay windows of every shape which disfigures the outskirts of all our towns "" ."	writer
female	25	Saber was created by Kinoko Nasu after the series ' main illustrator suggested having an armored woman as a protagonist for the visual novel ; writer Gen Urobuchi commented on her character becoming darker depending on the scenarios .	writer
female	0	"Nurse Mary Rose Harrington later said of her experience : "" I was young and in good health but I do thank the good Lord and my Chief Nurse , Laura Cobb for surviving as well as I did . """	nurse
female	1	"RPGFan writer Kyle E. Miller found her an "" altogether awful creature "" due to her defense mechanism of covering up "" sinister secrets "" with "" yippees , smiles , and stupid hand gestures"" . ""Game"	writer
female	6	Among her students there was the writer Sarah Bixby Smith .	writer
female	1	"As writer Amanda Kay LeBlanc writes in her article , """	writer
female	2	"The travel writer Elizabeth Gowing , on her tour of the many kinds of yoga in Britain , described "" Stand - up Paddleboard Yoga "" in Nottingham , England , in 2019 ."	writer
female	11	"In her 2007 chapter "" Models of ( Im)perfection "" , writer Kimberly K. Bell wrote that "" Chains of Love "" contained a similar production style to "" Survivor "" ; she commented that both shows are set in "" elaborately structured playing fields "" , in which producers edit the contestant 's identity to better appeal to an audience ."	writer
female	0	Writer Sergio drew from this for her 1972 biography of the feminist activist .	writer
female	3	"In 2014 , writer Ringo Sheena released her own version of the song for her album of self - covers , "" "" ."	writer
female	10	"Muslim feminist writer Asra Q. Nomani has argued , Feminist writer Amina Wadud writes in her book , < nowiki>""</nowiki > Inside the Gender Jihad : Women 's Reform in Islam < nowiki>""</nowiki > :"	writer
female	11	In 2019 , as reported by professor Lauren Michele Jackson , writer Claudia Rankine abandoned attempts to document conversations with white men , due to her perception that the use of accurate terminology was actually providing somewhat of a barrier to progress and further enabling white defensiveness .	writer
female	8	"On the occasion of Pew 's publication , writer Joel Achenbach asked McNutt for her input on a "" National Geographic "" feature article , "" Why Do Many Reasonable People Doubt Science ? "" ."	writer
female	6	"Upon her death , the French writer Matthieu Marais wrote to President Bouhier :   "" "" Everybody is in tears , and I also ; she was a charming princess . """	writer
female	1	Musical teacher Miss Hinklefink receives criticism from her student Lee Watson at Whitney High School , because of the poor plot of famous operas .	teacher
female	5	"On her Twitter account , writer Gail Simone mentioned that she had planned on using Rocket at some point during her tenure on "" Wonder Woman "" , but was not allowed to .  "	writer
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	2	"African American writer N. K. Jemisin , during her delivery of the Guest of Honour speech at 2013 Continuum in Australia , stated that 10 % of the SFWA membership voted for Beale in his bid for the SFWA presidential position and called him "" a self - described misogynist , racist , anti - Semite , and a few other flavors of asshole "" ."	writer
female	2	"American Catholic writer Flannery O'Connor illustrated the sacramental understanding of the world in her work "" Novelist and Believer"":St ."	writer
female	2	The Victorian writer Olivia Stone , on her trip to the Canary Islands in 1883 took testimony of the eruption and made a description of the event .	writer
female	14	"Despite her recurring prevalence in popular culture , upon her death in 1995 , writer and critic John Updike wrote in "" The New Yorker "" that Turner "" was a faded period piece , an old - fashioned glamour queen whose fifty - four films , over four decades did n't amount , retrospectively to much   ..."	writer
female	0	"Writer Karin Gayer mentions in her review that the love story of Pitar and Maluma , and its positioning within the text , offers "" a second interpretation of the beginning and the end "" ."	writer
female	1	Science writer Susan Allport , in her book on dietary fatty acids , states that Horrobin founded this journal to disseminate his ideas about evening primrose oil and fatty acids .	writer
female	2	Comic book writer Gail Simone said on her blog that she ghost wrote for Jemas during his tenure at Marvel .	writer
female	1	"American writer Mary M. Davison , in her 1966 booklet "" The Profound Revolution "" , traced the alleged New World Order conspiracy to the establishment of the U.S. Federal Reserve in 1913 by international bankers , whom she claimed later formed the Council on Foreign Relations in 1921 as a shadow government ."	writer
female	12	With her class in the midst of a civil war , fearless teacher Mrs. Weiss adopts drastic measures to force the two sides to work together .	teacher
female	1	"Both writer Katharine Davis Fishman , in her 1981 book "" The Computer Establishment "" , and computer science historian Martin Campbell - Kelly , in his 2003 volume "" From Airline Reservations to Sonic"	writer
female	4	At her urging , writer Dave Eggers began talking to Valentino Achak Deng , a Sudanese refugee and member of the Lost Boys Foundation program , about Deng writing a memoir .	writer
female	15	"In her landmark book , "" Domestic Manners of the Americans "" , the British writer Frances Trollope gave a mixed review :"	writer
female	2	"Conversely , writer Raelle Tucker won the Constellation Award for "" Best Overall 2007 Science Fiction Film or Television Script "" for her work on the episode , and the episode garnered positive reviews from critics ."	writer
female	0	Nurse Ratched misses a week of work due to her injuries , during which time many of the patients either transfer to other wards or check out of the hospital forever .	nurse
female	2	The Dutch writer Marga Minco lived here from 1949 to 1970 with her husband Bert Voeten .	writer
female	4	She worked as a teacher part - time then returned to her art full - time in the 1980s .	teacher
female	1	The assistant Peter gives her a lift back to her flat and unloads the furniture .	assistant
female	11	"Censorship of the film received some backlash from the public : Writer and attorney Julie Hilden defended the film , both critically and artistically , in her essay "" Why are critics so hostile to "" Hostel : Part II "" ? "" , published after the film 's theatrical release ."	writer
female	0	writer Sue James listed it among her favourite albums of 1973 .	writer
female	4	"After her death , librarian Robert L. Talmadge described Piercy 's career as "" marked by service so distinguished as to rank her a statesman among librarians on the national scene . """	librarian
female	11	"In her review of "" Blockers "" , "" Insider "" writer Kim Renfro wrote "" The anthem carried throughout the movie , Hailee Steinfeld 's ' Love Myself , ' drives the message home : '"	writer
female	10	"In a November 1954 "" Review Report "" article , writer "" Bev "" wrote about her daughter : "" Security blanket ."	writer
female	13	"In her introduction to the 1979 Gregg Press edition of the novel , writer Sandra Miesel praised the novel as "" an intimate drama of Armageddon played out within the boundaries of Will County , Illinois by a cast of five principals ."	writer
female	1	Biology teacher Devki is vivacious and popular among her students .	teacher
female	14	"In her review of the poem for "" T.P. ’s Weekly "" , the writer Rebecca West described the poem as having ‘ the least chance of survival ’ since , while ‘ a very fine achievement ’ it neither gives ‘ intense pleasure ’ nor ‘ extend[s ] our knowledge of reality by making explicit a certain phase of our experience ’ ."	writer
female	19	"In August 2014 , Erin Kelly , author of a book adaptation of "" Broadchurch "" , said that writer Chris Chibnall inserted a one - line clue about Series 2 into her book three days before the book was due to begin printing ."	writer
female	1	"American writer Susan Sontag included it on her "" canon of Camp "" in her 1964 essay "" Notes on ' Camp ' "" , and Spiegelman admitted that the scenes of "" the depiction of Our Hero idyllically skipping through the glen with the Wife and their child makes snicker "" ."	writer
female	11	When Paul is seriously injured following a car accident , former nurse Annie brings him to her home , where Paul receives treatment and doses of pain medication .	nurse
female	5	""" Wall Street Journal "" writer Stephanie Capparell argues in her book "" The Real Pepsi Challenge "" that Boyd faced a more difficult challenge than Jackie Robinson in breaking the color barrier of corporate America ."	writer
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	17	"Many bought houses in an area they called the Oval or the Highlands , which Harlem Renaissance writer Dorothy West wrote about in her 1995 novel , "" The Wedding "" ( edited by Doubleday editor Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis , a Vineyard resident who visited West for two summers ) ."	writer
female	1	"The writer Matthew Sweet describes the set as "" a battleground "" because of her actions , and Banks unsuccessfully requested that Dean bar Beryl from the studio . """	writer
female	1	"The writer Elizabeth George Speare , who was born in Melrose , wrote of her hometown : "" Melrose was an ideal place in which to have grown up , close to fields and woods where we hiked and picnicked , and near to Boston where we frequently had family treats of theaters and concerts . """	writer
female	5	"Of her importance , Mohawk writer Beth Brant wrote "" Pauline Johnson 's physical body died in 1913 , but her spirit still communicates to us who are Native women writers ."	writer
female	2	"The English writer Marie Corelli mentioned "" Giovedi Grasso "" in her second novel , "" Vendetta "" ( 1886 ) , as a day when "" the fooling and the mumming , the dancing , shrieking , and screaming would be at its height . """	writer
female	0	"Writer Josh Tyrangiel praised Winehouse for her confidence , saying , "" What she is is mouthy , funny , sultry , and quite possibly crazy "" and "" It 's impossible not to be seduced by her originality ."	writer
female	11	"In her book "" An Island Apart "" , the travel writer Sarah Wheeler traces scions of the Sarakatsani in Euboea ."	writer
female	1	"Mystery writer Fran Rizer deploys "" kindergarten cussin ' "" in her Callie Parrish series , where the main character can be heard muttering , "" Dalmatian ! "" and "" Shih Tzu ! """	writer
female	3	"Anime News Network writer Rebecca Silverman , in her review of the 20th volume , said , "" Mashima still manages to get some action and laughs in as well , including one especially funny subplot involving Gajeel ."	writer
female	0	Writer Renae de Liz later posted on her Twitter account her plans for future volumes had included various villains from Wonder Woman 's lore , such as Cheetah , Blue Snowman , Giganta , and Circe .	writer
female	13	"In her 2012 single review of the song , "" Entertainment Focus "" writer Pip Ellwood awarded "" Christmas Time Is in the Air"	writer
female	21	"In her list of the top ten moments from the fifth season of "" The Office "" , "" phillyBurbs.com "" writer Jen Wielgus ranked Michael 's formation of the Michael Scott Paper Company in the downstairs storage closet as number one , citing the "" Dream Team "" , "" Michael Scott Paper Company "" and "" Heavy Competition "" episodes in particular ."	writer
female	11	"In her 1898 book "" Women and Economics "" , feminist writer Charlotte Perkins Gilman lauds the health benefits of being a tomboy as well as the freedom for gender exploration :"	writer
female	2	"As a writer Yelin won a number of awards for her work , which reflected her experiences growing up in Montreal 's Jewish community and the "" yiddishkeit "" by which she had been surrounded from childhood ."	writer
female	13	"In her "" Skonhed : En engel gik forbi "" , the Danish writer Dorthe Jørgensen mentions Sofia Asunción Claro with her album "" The Virtuoso Harp "" ( 1989 ) as one of the harpists who induces peacefulness at a time when stress has become an ailment on a par with cancer and heart disease ."	writer
female	59	"The fantasy is to a large degree practiced by heterosexual , cisgender men as the submissive partners , although "" Vice "" noted that there were also bisexual and pansexual men present at a feminization meet - up they reported on , as well as some genderfluid and transgender people ; in her book "" Fetish Sex "" , writer Violet Blue emphasizes that feminization , as a sexual fetish , is very different from being a transgender woman ."	writer
female	4	In 2009 , ROAR teacher Beth Estep won the Titans Teacher of the Year Award for her outstanding performance and care for her students graduation .	teacher
female	9	"In her review for "" The Times "" , writer Amanda Craig praised the novel as "" something that schools should study and readers read . """	writer
female	1	"Argentinian writer Marisa Grinstein included Murano in her book "" Mujeres Asesinas ( Killer Women ) ."	writer
female	3	High school French teacher Sabine reads to her class as a translation exercise a French newspaper report of a terrorist who planted a bomb in the airline luggage of his pregnant girlfriend .	teacher
female	7	"Based on her early life , the writer Mao Dun wrote the novel "" Rainbow "" ( 1929 ) , whose heroine , Mei , would become more famous than Hu herself ."	writer
female	3	"When the influential writer Mao Dun heard about her story from a mutual friend , he wrote the novel "" Rainbow "" , which was published in 1929 ."	writer
female	4	"In 2008 , Cuban writer Daína Chaviano paid tribute to Villaverde in her novel "" The Island of Eternal Love "" ( Riverhead Press ) , where he appears as one of the characters ."	writer
female	9	In her latest interview about the novel , the writer Irene Zoe Alameda explained that her performance was a real attempt to eliminate the barriers between truth and fiction .	writer
female	12	In the autumn of 1989 , in her Munich bungalow , the writer Hanna Flanders ( Hannelore Elsner ) watches the Berlin Wall coming down on television .	writer
female	17	Around him , big brother Christian tries to understand what drove him to this unexpected action , nurse Cherry goes about her job and next door neighbour David is tied down under a diagnosis of lycanthropy .	nurse
female	1	The writer Elspeth Huxley worked on her biography of Lord Delamere while crossing the Atlantic in 1933 .	writer
female	4	Among her students were writer Maria Dąbrowska ; Maria Grzegorzewska , who initiated special education in Poland ; and children 's author , Maria Kownacka , among many others .	writer
female	18	"In her 2013 article "" Queering the Catalog : Queer Theory and the Politics of Correction , "" librarian Emily Drabinski defines the relationship between LGBTQ identity and the library as a historically contingent one ."	librarian
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	21	"In her list of the top ten moments from the fifth season of "" The Office "" , "" phillyBurbs.com "" writer Jen Wielgus ranked Michael 's formation of the Michael Scott Paper Company in the downstairs storage closet as the number one , citing the "" Dream Team "" , "" Michael Scott Paper Company "" and "" Heavy Competition "" episodes in particular ."	writer
female	1	Scottish writer Muriel Spark pushed the boundaries of realism in her novels .	writer
female	4	"In 2012 , ESPN writer Graham Hays said about her return to the sport "" it can not be complete coincidence that it came the year Gene returned to Delaware and went to work for his dad 's company . """	writer
female	2	"American feminist writer D. A. Clarke , in her essay "" A Woman With A Sword , "" suggests that for nonviolence to be effective , it must be "" practiced by those who could easily resort to force if they chose . """	writer
female	1	"The writer Nancy Spain , in her biography of Isabella , reports that , given the money the company made from the Beetons ' work , "" surely no man ever made a worse or more impractical bargain "" than Samuel did ."	writer
female	3	"On Mashable.com , writer Kate Freeman described it in her headline as "" a YouTube Show with 4,000 Actors . """	writer
female	3	"A diaspora Ukrainian writer Mariya Livytska mentions Ozerysche in her book "" On the edge of two epochs "" ( 1972 ) ."	writer
female	11	"In her review of this record , "" Entertainment Weekly "" writer Gina Arnold gave it an "" A "" grade and said that "" songwriter John Croslin sympathetically evokes the minuscule pleasures within the boredom of everyday life . """	writer
female	11	"In a March 1976 article in "" The Nation "" , writer Kay Boyle criticized Ashraf for her touting of International Women 's Year as succeeding in widening the global vision of sisterhood , while approximately 4,000 of the Princess 's own "" sisters "" were political prisoners in Iran with virtually no hope of a military trial ."	writer
female	5	After her death , her hairdresser Joseph Gharib said in an interview that during her last days , Sabah loved to wear red lipstick .	hairdresser
female	3	"English children 's writer Alison Uttley in her story "" The Country Child "" ( 1931 ) of family life on an English farm from the perspective of a 9-year - old farmer 's daughter Susan describes cowslips among the favourite flowers of her heroine and mentions her participation in preparing them for making cowslip wine , a locally important process ."	writer
female	4	"Three years later , writer Annette Carson , in her book "" Richard III :"	writer
female	12	"In her 1832 book "" Domestic Manners of Americans "" , English writer Frances Trollope , mother of novelist Anthony Trollope , described the city on Moving Day :"	writer
female	4	"In 2009 , the writer Nancy Huston cited Tamia Valmont as her inspiration for the main character of her novel entitled "" Fault Lines "" ."	writer
female	14	"In her 1929 essay "" A Room of One 's Own "" , the writer Virginia Woolf depicted Browning as a misogynist , a personification of the patriarchal system which restricted women 's educational opportunities ."	writer
female	9	"Shortly after her retirement , "" Sports Illustrated "" writer Jon Wertheim summed up her later career :  "	writer
female	3	""" Pitchfork "" writer Quinn Moreland named the show as her favourite of 2017 ."	writer
female	11	"In her historical magnum opus "" River of Fire "" , writer Qurratulain Hyder makes reference to Hindu Pathans from the NWFP who were displaced by the partition and settled in India ."	writer
female	7	On her untimely death in 1916 , teacher Miss Wigg took over as Head during the interregnum until the appointment of Ethel Bain in 1918 .	teacher
female	6	"On April 27 , 2015 , writer Amy Keating Rogers revealed via Twitter that she left the "" Friendship Is Magic "" writing staff due to her new full - time job as a writer at Disney ."	writer
female	4	In Los Angeles , cashier Audrey Stockman spends her birthday upset after being dumped , via text , by her boyfriend Drew .	cashier
female	17	Because of her association with fellow writers as an equal , her former friend and fellow - writer Eliza Haywood attacked Fowke in a scandalous account of her relationships which affected the poet 's reputation badly .	writer
female	4	"In 1894 the British writer Isabella Bird Bishop referred to it in her travelogue as "" Diamond Mountain "" ."	writer
female	19	Helga ( Maria Ehrich ) is going to marry attorney Wolfgang von Boost ( August Wittgenstein ) , while nurse Eva ( Emilia Schüle ) has planned every detail of her future , including her plan to marry her boss , Professor Fassbender ( Heino Ferch ) .	nurse
female	2	The mysterious Nurse Owens visits Scully at her bedside , trying to reach her in her coma .	nurse
female	1	"The writer Carlos Monsiváis referred to her ( alongside her sister María ) as one of the "" complementary faces "" of Mexican cinema , writing , "" After all , they are not many , but their years on the screen make them a tribe ... """	writer
female	6	"Programmer Marie Jamora explained , "" Writer / Director / Editor / Lead Actress Marjorie Conrad developed the story from her own experience as a former model , and she shows us a world where mannequins are treated better than real women , verbal molestation is palpable , and the scariest predators of pretty girls are the other pretty girls ."	writer
female	3	"Houston Chronicle "" writer Joey Guerra wrote favorably of her songwriting and called the album "" a collection brimming with attitude , edge and soul "" ."	writer
female	15	"In her botanical guidebook and memoir "" Hardy Ferns "" ( 1865 ) , the writer Nona Bellairs called for laws to protect ferns from over - collection : "" We must have ' Fern laws ' , and preserve them like game "" ."	writer
female	9	Following a discussion with Rupert Hine , co - writer Jeannette Obstoj spoke with Turner about her life , starting with the cotton fields in Nutbush , Tennessee .	writer
female	29	Her father had previously married one of his cousins , of the prominent García family of the Arecibo , Puerto Rico , region ; well - known Puerto Rican writer René Marqués García is one of her nephews .	writer
female	1	Local nurse Dee Bliss moves in with Tess as her next housemate , but her living habits do n't sit with well with Tess at first .	nurse
female	5	"Shortly after her death , writer Alija Isaković said "" When she died , quietly as she had lived , no one except a small number of friends and admirers , knew that the first prose writer among Muslim women had died . """	writer
female	5	""" The A.V. Club "" writer Emily VanDerWerff , in her review of the series finale , was critical of the series for not living up to the potential present in the series ' pilot episode and noted that "" still has n't figured out how to use the ensemble , though at least it does n't seem to have something out for all of the male supporting characters . """	writer
female	7	"After her death in 1971 , fellow writer Reyner Banham eulogized her as "" the most formidable of the group of lady - critics ( Jane Jacobs , Ada Louise Huxtable , etc ) who kept the U.S. architectural establishment continually on the run during the 50s and 60s "" ."	writer
female	12	"Sonneveld stimulated her comic qualities , for instance by letting his stage writer Hella Haasse write a farcical song like "" Yvonne de spionne "" for her ."	writer
female	0	"Writer Rachel Shukert selected a passage from "" Chocolates for Breakfast "" as her inclusion in an anthology of erotic writing , calling it "" a product of an all - too - brief vogue for novels about sexually precocious poor little rich girls . """	writer
female	5	"Los Angeles Times "" staff writer August Brown ranked the mixtape number two on her top albums list and wrote that it "" cemented "" his reputation , while citing Clams Casino 's beats as "" some of the year ’s most imaginative , evocative hip - hop productions . """	writer
female	17	"At a reception aboard the Federation starship "" Enterprise "" following a trade conference on Betazed , Counselor Deanna Troi argues with her mother , Lwaxana Troi , about her insistence that Deanna get married and raise a family ."	counselor
female	16	Executives were pitching potential storylines ideas and when the subject of autism came up , head writer Dena Higley discussed her personal experiences with her son Connor , then aged 20 , who like Theo , was also diagnosed at an age 3 .	writer
female	1	American writer Joan Didion mentions her Olivetti Lettera 22 in her book	writer
female	1	"The writer Judith Cass used the term in 1942 in her "" Chicago Tribune "" article """	writer
female	8	In France during World War I , pretty nurse Marthe ( Micheline Presle ) waits for her husband , Jacques , while he fights on the front lines .	nurse
female	3	Junior high school teacher Yuko Moriguchi ( Takako Matsu ) announces to her class that she will resign before spring break .	teacher
female	12	After her graduation and status as stage - dancer and dance - teacher Ursula Cain became a member of the Dore Hoyer - group in 1945 .	teacher
female	9	Her mother , Josephine Marie Ranch , was a tailor , and her father , Ernest Norman , a carpenter .	tailor
female	7	Her father was a farmer and music teacher and her mother was a midwife .	teacher
female	7	It tells the story of a female writer and her relationships with two different men , one joyous and one introverted .	writer
female	28	Now in her 50s , Melanie is married to David Winters ( Plummer ) , a cold and grouchy older professor of history , who was once her teacher and who has been unfaithful to her with his current students .	teacher
female	14	""" Riches "" is a short film which tells the story of a black teacher and her son from apartheid South Africa who move to an isolated village in Zimbabwe and the challenges they encounter ."	teacher
female	20	Her mother , Lucille (; June 19 , 1919 – November 15 , 2001 ) , was a teacher 's assistant , and her father , William F. Davis ( November 7 , 1913 – April 2 , 2009 ) , was a civil engineer and church deacon ; her parents were both from small towns in Vermont .	assistant
female	17	He arrives on Earth , landing in Los Angeles , and is soon in pursuit of a teacher and her students , whose bus broke down on the way home from a football game .	teacher
female	12	As the daughter of two educators ( her father was a language teacher and her mother a music instructor ) , she and her older brother Scott were encouraged at an early age to develop musical talents .	teacher
female	4	Her father was a tailor and her mother a housewife .	tailor
female	5	The story is about a teacher and her nephew hired by rich family to teach their daughter .	teacher
female	9	This book presents itself as a conversation between a teacher , called Mentoria , and her pupils .	teacher
female	16	"Margaret Landon ( September 7 , 1903 – December 4 , 1993 ) was an American writer best remembered for "" Anna and the King of Siam "" , her best - selling 1944 novel of the life of Anna Leonowens which eventually sold over a million copies and was translated into more than twenty languages ."	writer
female	6	Burnell 's mother is a dance teacher , and her father a telecoms manager .	teacher
female	13	The series , which featured scenes of a sexual nature between an adulterous teacher and her 15-year - old pupil , was defended by Walsh , who denied she had made them more raunchy on purpose .	teacher
female	4	She is a prolific writer and social commentator and her articles can be read in Crikey and The Conversation .	writer
female	45	George Sand was the most popular writer ( of any gender ) in Europe by the age of 27 , more popular than both Victor Hugo and Honoré de Balzac in England in the 1830s and 1840s , and she remained immensely popular as a writer throughout her lifetime and long after her death .	writer
female	24	Ailnoth had come from Westminster , now restored , along with most of the country , to King Stephen , accompanied by a widowed housekeeper and her young nephew , Ninian , who is apprenticed to Cadfael and soon wins his trust and affection .	housekeeper
female	7	Her father worked as a physical education teacher and her mother as an engineer .	teacher
female	6	She was the first rural health nurse in the area and her duties soon expanded into areas of social work .	nurse
female	17	"Female teacher vs. female student "" ) is a 2004 South Korean comedy film about a harsh teacher and her headstrong 5th grade student who battle for the affection of the school 's handsome new teacher ."	teacher
female	12	Evelina is nervous to express the attraction she has for both her teacher and her classmate .	teacher
female	6	Ruby took a job as a teacher and almost her entire salary home to pay for Thomas ' education .	teacher
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	3	"Acciaioli later became counselor to Queen Joanna I of Naples and , eventually , her "" Grand Seneschal "" ."	counselor
female	18	She grew up in Northern Kentucky , where her father was a tennis player as well as a teacher and her mother , a nurse .	teacher
female	5	Her mother Pauline was a teacher and her father Iain worked for publisher Longman .	teacher
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	4	Her father was a laborer and her mother a registered nurse , and both served in the United States Air Force .	laborer
female	14	Her parents taught at the University of Alberta , her mother a physiology teaching assistant and her father a biology professor .	assistant
female	4	The independence of the clerk and her staff are protected to some extent by the Constitution .	clerk
female	3	Feng married fellow writer and actress Huang Zongying in 1993 ; she was 68 , and it was her fourth marriage .	writer
female	8	The children 's aunt was a primary school teacher and under her care Soboul blossomed in his education at the lycée of Nîmes ( 1924–1931 ) .	teacher
female	21	Eastwood and Boland entered the school armed with a sawn - off shotgun at about 3:00 p.m. , and forced the teacher , 20-year - old Mary Gibbs , and her six pupils ( girls aged between 5 and 10 ) into a red delivery van , leaving a note at the school threatening to kill all of the hostages unless a $ 1,000,000 cash ransom was paid .	teacher
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	7	Students considered that she was an inspiring teacher and her course in plant biochemistry was an important part of the advanced botany curriculum .	teacher
female	5	Her mother was an ER nurse and her father was a garbage collector .	nurse
female	41	"An article in "" Movie - Radio Guide "" in 1941 gave a couple of examples of plots used on the show : "" Sometimes they 're initiating an eastern tenderfoot visiting the ranch ; sometimes they 're saving the school teacher and her children trapped in a ring of fire ."	teacher
female	4	Verena was a spiritual counselor for young girls and due to her expertise as a nurse used to look after their physical health .  	counselor
female	4	She also became a teacher and during her class she used to make her students performed plays .	teacher
female	10	The film , Andjar 's directorial debut , follows a nurse and her superior as they fall in love in the Air Raid Preparation team .	nurse
female	17	"Her mother Máire ( née Ní Dhúgáin or "" Duggan "" in English ) was a music teacher and her father , Leo Brennan , was a member of a cabaret band with whom she performed as a child ."	teacher
female	5	Her nephew is the travel writer and documentary filmmaker Tahir Shah ; her nieces , Safia Shah and the writer and documentary filmmaker Saira Shah .	writer
female	13	While in Milan she was heard by Giuditta Pasta who became both her teacher and her mentor .	teacher
female	40	"On the final "" Raw "" before Extreme Rules , Bliss did a controversial "" This Is Your Life "" segment for Bayley in an attempt to embarrass her by interviewing people from Bayley 's past , including her school teacher , her school friend , and her ex - boyfriend ."	teacher
female	4	Her mother was a teacher , and her father a church elder .	teacher
female	5	Her mother was a music teacher and her father , Hervé de Truchis de Varennes , was an architect .	teacher
female	5	Around 1947 , a young nurse and her boyfriend with some medical training borrowed an apartment in New York City from friends .	nurse
female	4	Her father was a tailor and soon after her birth , the family moved to Princes Town , where Cadogan grew up and attended the Government Primary School .	tailor
female	13	According to the Notre Dame Archives and News , “ She became a teacher and her interest in aviation stemmed from the enthusiasm for the subject from her students .	teacher
female	12	While in school , Theresa faces many challenges , such as her teacher , Mr. Wardin , and her friends dropping out of school due to poor grades , and family issues .	teacher
female	7	It tells the story of a young teacher , including her relationships with her students , their parents , and her loved ones .	teacher
female	11	"Her mother , Edith Martin , was a pre - school teacher and her father , Henry Martin , is a cartoonist for "" The New Yorker "" and other publications ."	teacher
female	5	Her mother worked as a teacher and her father was a journalist and historian who wrote several books on German history .	teacher
female	4	Her mother is a teacher and her father works in advertising .	teacher
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	8	Her father , W.S. Leslie , was a laborer and her mother , Louise Leslie , was a domestic worker .	laborer
female	15	Daughter of Catalan - Jewish immigrants who moved to Cuba , her father was a tailor and her mother was a seamstress .	tailor
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	4	Her father was an accountant and later economist , and her mother , a kindergarten teacher .	accountant
female	27	"Her collection of poetry "" Blood - Ore "" ( 1923 ) received several outspoken reviews ; Valery Bryusov expressed disappointment , while Maxim Gorky praised the writer and her work for giving the woman 's experience a new voice ."	writer
female	9	In 1936 , Friedelind Wagner began work as an assistant to Heinz Tietjen but her outspoken criticism of close family friend	assistant
female	4	Her mother was a librarian and her father , David Gloeckner , was a commercial illustrator .	librarian
female	8	However , on losing her job as a clerk and her family ( consisting of an ill ridden father , a younger sister and brother ) being dependent on her income , she is forced to join Ravi 's advertising agency .	clerk
female	5	Her mother worked as a teacher and her grandparents were immigrants from Lebanon and Ukraine .	teacher
female	11	The following year , Clara began a successful career as a writer and her works became much admired .	writer
female	8	Her diary chronicles her dreams of becoming a writer , her spiritual and sexual growth , and her realization of the grim fate the Jews faced .	writer
female	4	Her mother is a nurse and her father works for Easterseals ; her sister Alim is her manager and a financial consultant .	nurse
female	5	Her father was a music teacher and her mother did not have any formal education .	teacher
female	5	Her mother is a maths teacher and her father is an engineer and as a family , they were all interested in science fiction and Star Trek .	teacher
female	11	Her father is a retired İmam Hatip ( religious ) school teacher and her husband is a businessman .	teacher
female	4	Her mother was a nurse and her father an engineer .	nurse
female	4	Her mother is a teacher and her father is an artist and painter .	teacher
female	15	Made by London Weekend Television for ITV , the series is about a divorced school teacher ( played by McKenzie ) and her elderly neighbour ( Handl ) .	teacher
female	4	She was an active writer and her articles about the labor movement appeared in many periodicals of the day .	writer
female	5	Her father Gustave was an accountant and her mother Bertha ( née Kahn ) was a homemaker .	accountant
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	4	Her mother is a nurse and still resides in Gates Mills , and her father , William Davis , a well known author of “ Wheat Belly ” , is a cardiologist working in Wisconsin .	nurse
female	13	He even sent a pixie , Gruinhilde , to serve as Elena 's nurse and guard the Sidhe inside her .	nurse
female	52	Parsons matriculated in the University of Wisconsin - Madison in 1913 where she began taking biochemistry classes with Elmer McCollum , who at the time was doing original work on vitamins A and B. Parsons credits McCollum with teaching her how to do research , describing him as “ a very sympathetic teacher ” and “ very patient with [ her ] not knowing anything at all ” .	teacher
female	15	Examination of Mary Chesnut 's papers has revealed the history of her development as a writer and of her work on the diary as a book .	writer
female	12	Lily ’s mother , Camia ( Sunshine Cruz ) is a school teacher and her father Dante ( Christian Vazquez ) is a public attorney .	teacher
female	4	Lang was an inspiring teacher , and the move proved good for her and for the school .  	teacher
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	15	Shin - ae is smart but does not get the attention she craves from the teacher and her classmates .	teacher
female	6	Tutored at home by a private teacher and her mother , she also gained basic skills in Hebrew , Latin and Greek .	teacher
female	4	Her father was a tailor and her mother a homemaker .	tailor
female	16	Blasko 's mother , Ellie ( died c. 2000 of bowel cancer ) , was a nurse and her father , Nikolai David Blaskow , is a teacher .	nurse
female	23	"Perret 's current body of work , "" Les guérillères X "" ( 2016 ) is heavily influenced by the avant - garde writer and feminist theorist Monique Wittig and her 1969 book "" Les Guérillères "" ."	writer
female	11	Faugères was committed to establishing her mother 's reputation as a writer as well as her own .	writer
female	3	Subsequently , the teacher and her 10- and 11-year - old pupils boarded the bus to find themselves the hostages of four armed men .	teacher
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	5	Her mother was a Dutch nurse and her father was a Japanese graphic artist .	nurse
female	1	A teacher and her students rebel against the system .	teacher
female	4	The rebellion of the teacher and her students are internalised to make a relevant and contemporary movie .	teacher
female	7	Savelyeva 's mother was an elementary school teacher and her father an electrical engineer .	teacher
female	4	Her mother was a nurse and her father a cameraman , neither having the money for expensive piano tuition .	nurse
female	7	The tools were developed with a mathematics teacher and her students .	teacher
female	7	She used her considerable gifts as a writer and her service as a club woman to those ends . ”	writer
female	11	Her father , Edward Zimmermann ( 1879–1977 ) , was an accountant with James H. Dunham & Company , a Manhattan wholesale dry - goods company , and her mother , Agnes ( Gardner ) Zimmermann ( 1883–1974 ) , was a teacher .	accountant
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	13	Scout also learns how to deal with others , including the Finch family housekeeper , Calpurnia , and her aunt , Alexandra .	housekeeper
female	42	The Spanish judge who issued indictments and arrest warrants for 20 former members of the Salvadoran military , charged with murder , Crimes Against Humanity and Terrorism requested that U.S. agencies declassify documents related to the killings of the Jesuits , their housekeeper and her daughter but were denied access .	housekeeper
female	6	Kay portrayed herself as the scrub nurse and her husband Hobart as the surgeon .	nurse
female	6	"Harper was inspired to become a writer by the Anya Seton novel "" Katherine "" , as well as her many visits to English historical sites ."	writer
female	10	"Her mother , Dr. Corinne Machoud , is a Spanish teacher and triathlon coach , her father , Dr. Sergio Nivón , is a doctor , together they own the "" San Felipe Academy "" in Oaxaca .  "	teacher
female	12	Her mother , Natalia Mitina , was a known Soviet cinema scenario writer , and her father , Kasem	writer
female	28	Burke was born in Fort Lauderdale , Florida , and raised primarily in Wichita , Kansas , where her mother , Pearl Pai Chu , was a school librarian and her father , fellow crime novelist James Lee Burke , was a professor of English .	librarian
female	7	During those years she studied with a teacher she admires , Emmanuel Levinas , and her work focused on the notion of asceticism in Christian mysticism .	teacher
female	2	Poongkodi 's teacher and her grandfather push her to participate in a kabaddi game that will change her life and take her to Chennai to fund education and pursue higher studies .	teacher
female	9	Piyali is unable to kill her , being a nurse and with her own past of having an abortion .	nurse
female	23	Gloria grew up in a low - income household in the suburbs of Rio de Janeiro , with her father working as a tailor and her mother , a housewife .	tailor
female	7	Her sister Gillian Slovo is also a writer and her sister Robyn Slovo is a producer .	writer
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	3	She became a writer and her husband later became nationally famous as The Amazing Criswell , a popular psychic .	writer
female	4	Vlasta is a home nurse who selflessly lives in the countryside in South Moravia for her patients ; her husband ; and her daughter , Lada .	nurse
female	22	Rosa has been outspoken in the past about government abuses and once named alleged killers of four Jesuits as well as their housekeeper and her daughter slain in 1989 ; he received death threats following this and was accused of being a communist .	housekeeper
female	6	Mrs Gordon was not a bridge writer and her private life remained private .	writer
female	11	Frieberg 's mother , Cecilia Frieberg , was a Montessori school teacher and her father , Bengt O. Frieberg , was a businessman and inventor .	teacher
female	5	Her father is a mathematics teacher and her mother owns a salon in Chuncheon .	teacher
female	6	Following behind him are the maths teacher and her colleagues , rejuvenated by Fascist rhetoric .	teacher
female	17	Choi Kang - hee and Kim Young - ae , it depicts the story of an unsuccessful writer and her tumultuous relationship with her mother .	writer
female	20	Born to German - American parents , Oberholtzer grew up in Indianapolis , where her father worked as a postal clerk and her family belonged to the Irvington Methodist Church .	clerk
female	9	She worked at Stadium High School as a mathematics teacher and in her spare time she climbed extensively in the North Cascades and Olympic Mountains .	teacher
female	9	Odile Kennel ( born 1967 ) is a German writer of French origin known for her poetry and prose , as well as her translations .	writer
female	11	Growing up in a household where her mother was a piano teacher and her father held the teenage record for running across Canada , Lowndes knew accomplishing a goal and making her dreams come true was possible .	teacher
female	11	Her mother , Máire Nic an Iomaire , was a school teacher from Ballyfinglas , and Caitlín received her primary education from her on a small island off the coast of Rosmuc , Connemara .	teacher
female	5	Megha is a former school teacher and her husband does not believe in her dreams .	teacher
female	6	Her mother was a nursery school teacher and her father worked as a manager in a rubber goods factory .	teacher
female	8	Her mother , Jeanne Patterson , was a teacher and her father , Dennis Patterson , was a plumber .	teacher
female	6	Her mother was a primary school teacher and her father was an accountant .	teacher
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	13	One of four children born in Lincolnshire , Drew 's mother was a nurse and her father was a vicar .	nurse
female	1	A hairdresser and her 76 year old apprentice take a ten day road - trip from Innisfail to Normanton in Queensland 's Gulf country .  	hairdresser
female	3	Cave was a writer and her life can be presumed from her extant writing .	writer
female	8	Martha Rofheart ( 1917–1990 ) was an American writer of historical novels , an actress and early in her career , a model .	writer
female	9	Her father was Richard Dean Tucker who was a tailor and her mother was Amelia Tucker .	tailor
female	34	On 16 November 1989 , six Jesuits ( Ignacio Ellacuría , Armando Lopez , Joaquin Lopez y Lopez , Ignacio Martín - Baró , Segundo Montes and Juan Ramon Moreno , along with their housekeeper ( Julia Elba Ramos ) and her daughter ( Celina ) , would be murdered at the Jesuit University of Central America .	housekeeper
female	7	Her father was an artist and art teacher and her mother , a teacher of English and comparative religions .	teacher
female	13	Sir Mark 's great - grandchildren include the New York - based fashion writer and novelist Plum Sykes and her twin sister , Lucy Sykes ( Mrs. Euan Rellie ) , and their brother , writer Thomas ( Tom ) Sykes .	writer
female	11	Blackett grew up in Reading with her mother who was a nurse , her bus conductor father and her sister .	nurse
female	4	Her father was a writer and her mother a German teacher .	writer
female	7	Her sister Malvina would also be a writer and her mother , Ottilia Löfvander , would be remembered for her generosity during the Famine of 1867 - 1869 .	writer
female	7	Her father was a high school biology teacher and her mother a homemaker .	teacher
female	33	"Tim Cornwell in "" The Scotsman "" explains that "" the book captures the flavour of Pottermania , where fans ' e - mails fly ... with the latest breathless news of the writer and her progeny . """	writer
female	41	At last , Arjun finds that his father has purchased a house in Madurai with the money , but also is shocked to know that his father had another wife named Chandrika ( Malavika Avinash ) , who is a French teacher and has a daughter named Brinda ( Lekha Washington ) through her .	teacher
female	21	Their friendship lasted the rest of Gardner 's life and when Gardner died in 1990 , Peck took in both her housekeeper and her dog .	housekeeper
female	29	She later went on to get an MA in Irish and is completing a PhD. She also gained a teaching qualification and spent several years as a secondary school teacher in Dublin and Carlow as well as in her own school in Galway .	teacher
female	13	In an attempt to stay ahead , Liliko forces her overly stressed out assistant , Michiko Hada , and her boyfriend to sabotage Kozue .	assistant
female	13	Anna 's father is publicly revealed by Catherine , to be a council clerk and her mother , a school dinner lady .	clerk
female	3	He was a baker and her mother taught languages .	baker
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	21	Her activity in California continued the next couple years with various kinds of receptions and talks she gave either as a writer or on her theme of color and its affects .	writer
female	6	Skipwith left substantial sums to his housekeeper , Susanna Gurney , and her daughter , Charlotte .	housekeeper
female	4	Her mother was a nurse and her father a medical practitioner .	nurse
female	9	"Elizabeth Gaskell ( 1810–1865 ) was also a successful writer and her "" North and South "" contrasts the lifestyle in the industrial north of England with the wealthier south ."	writer
female	5	Her father was an English accountant ; her mother , a Scottish governess .	accountant
female	6	She is a well - respected writer in Nepal and her works are highly sought by newspapers , television and radio media .	writer
female	20	The story by Mary C. McCall , Jr. , dramatizes the choice that young Peggy Adams makes to become a nurse , her training , and her volunteering for military nursing service .	nurse
female	6	Trevor Cole is a nationally known writer in Canada , twice shortlisted as a novelist for the Governor General 's Award , and her granddaughter Val Cole , is a Vancouver - based actress , radio and television personality .	writer
female	28	Quark , Rom , and Nog are interrogated by an army officer convinced that they have hostile intentions , but escape from custody with the help of a nurse and her fiancé , a professor who was brought to the base to try to establish dialogue with the aliens .	nurse
female	27	He offered Santa Clara as a refuge to the lone surviving Jesuit of the 1989 massacre at the Universidad Centroamericana , in which six Jesuits , their housekeeper and her daughter were killed by the Salvadoran Army .	housekeeper
female	23	At the time , payroll did not have a job title code for female assistant engineers so her title was changed to engineers assistant and her pay reduced to fit an existing code .	assistant
female	5	Elena Lund is a University teacher and her step - father , Dr Philosophy Allan Lund , is a Danish professor and writer .	teacher
female	4	She was a rapid writer and her work consequently discursive and animated , but lacking in form .	writer
female	10	The screenplay focuses on a cheerful and optimistic primary school teacher and her relationships with those around her .	teacher
female	10	He also drew on the knowledge of the family 's housekeeper and her acquaintances in Munich , and showed an unusual ability to draw information from informants without prying , and in exchange for no more than coffee and cigars .	housekeeper
female	4	Her mother was a teacher and her father a dentist .	teacher
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	5	Her father was a music teacher specialised in zither , violin , and piano who worked as an organist , and her mother a violinist who taught her the violin from a very early age .	teacher
female	12	The two daughters remained at Ripley , cared for by both a housekeeper and her uncles ( Bell 's sister and brother - in - law ) , while the then fifteen - year - old Frank was studying at the Grosvenor College in Carlisle and later an apprenticeship at the Harland and Wolff shipyards .	housekeeper
female	10	Her mother , Anna - Mária , was also a teacher and her older brother Zsolt is her concert manager and drummer of her band .	teacher
female	4	Her father was a teacher and school director , and her mother – surnamed	teacher
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Her mother was a primary - school teacher and her father was a naval architect who later taught .	teacher
female	8	Her mother , Lorine Lynch was a school librarian and her father , Lorenzo Lynch a Baptist minister both graduated from the HBCU Shaw University .	librarian
female	6	She chose three : her French teacher , Jeanne Rosselin , and her two Lady 's maid : madam Hansen and Ingrid Maria Wenner .	teacher
female	11	Her husband produced an obituary that praised her talents as a writer and her virtues as an individual .	writer
female	22	Five days later in Corvallis , a man matching the I-5 Bandit 's description held up a fabric store , molesting the clerk and her customer before he left .	clerk
female	7	Her mother was a dance and piano teacher and her father an artist and writer .	teacher
female	5	Her mother was an American teacher , and her father the British Labour MP Maurice Orbach .	teacher
female	5	The group consists of firm clerk and college graduate Andrea , her sister Amy , a mechanic named Jim , pizza delivery boy Glenn , car salesman Dale , shoe salesman Allen and his wife , Donna as well as their children , Ben and Billy .	clerk
female	5	Her grandfather was a University teacher and her grandmother Anna became a member of the first Polish parliament for Poznań after independence in 1918 when women got the right to vote .	teacher
female	24	The Governor General of Canada appointed her Officer of the Order of Canada in 1992 not only for her long and inspiring career as writer , teacher and scholar but also for her prominence in the Canadian and international women 's movements .	writer
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	8	Her mother , Linda Going , is a librarian and her father , William Going , is a biologist .	librarian
female	16	"Each of the stories within the franchise centers on the antics of a fictional elementary school teacher , Ms. Frizzle , and her class , who board a "" magic school bus "" , which takes them on field trips to unusual times and locations , such as the Cretaceous Period , outer space , and the interior of the human body ."	teacher
female	40	"The story centers around a mathematician , "" the Professor , "" who suffered brain damage in a traffic accident in 1975 and since then can produce only 80 minutes ' worth of memories , and his interactions with a housekeeper ( the narrator ) and her son "" Root "" as the Professor shares the beauty of equations with them ."	housekeeper
female	13	Following this , Helen 's mother permitted her to live with her piano teacher , Honey Silverman , and her family .	teacher
female	7	Her mother Ann Robb was a school teacher and her father , Robert Laundry Thomas Robb , was a fighter pilot who flew Spitfires during the World War II .	teacher
female	5	Her mother is a violoncello teacher and her father worked as a taxi driver .	teacher
female	13	Neither of her parents were musicians , but her grandmother was a piano teacher and her uncle a composer .	teacher
female	8	At the university , he was a teaching assistant to Elizabeth Chater in her course on science fiction writing , and in later years her friend .	assistant
female	16	The family shortly afterwards moved to Sydney , Australia , where her father , a chartered accountant and her Mother an entrepreneur , set up and ran several businesses .	accountant
female	9	As a result of her father being the music teacher , her siblings , neighbors , and friends knew how to play instruments .	teacher
female	12	Beau spends his time alone , with only his family 's Asian housekeeper and her daughter , to keep him company .	housekeeper
female	27	""" Gabriel 's Eye "" ( Winedale Publishing , 2001 ) utilizes Smith ’s intimate knowledge of contemporary Dallas to focus upon the affair between a female teacher and her student at a local performing arts high school ."	teacher
female	7	However , Edith was a prodigious letter writer and her letters survive in archives such as the Houghton Library .	writer
female	6	Rutland ’s mother was a school teacher ; her father a pharmacist .	teacher
female	21	According to Bastianich in a Public Television documentary , although a wealthy Triestine family hired her mother as a cook – housekeeper and her father as a limousine driver , they remained residents of the refugee camp .	housekeeper
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	21	In 1892 , at the age of 20 , Marian married John Borland Thayer , who at that time was a clerk in railway administration and ten years her senior .	clerk
female	4	She worked as a nurse and her husband was an electrician , so they did not always have normal hours or simultaneously work .	nurse
female	26	Their marriage ended in 1964 , just before she completed her PhD. They had two sons , Dorion Sagan , who later became a popular science writer and her collaborator , and Jeremy Sagan , software developer and founder of Sagan Technology .	writer
female	29	"Despite how badly she 's being treated , Sam confides in her online pen pal "" Nomad "" , who shares her dream to attend Princeton to become a writer , her best friend but outcast , Carter Farrell , and finds comfort in the diner staff , including Rhonda the manager , Eleanor , a waitress and Bobby the chef ."	writer
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	14	He was armed with a shotgun and for 1 and half hours subjected the teacher and her pupils to a terrifying ordeal .	teacher
female	8	Her late mother was a Welsh horse riding teacher ; her late father , an Italian lumberjack .	teacher
female	5	Morais Cohen was a gifted writer , and upon her graduation from the Girls ’ Normal School , became a popular teacher of English literature .	writer
female	18	In 1869 the Bannisters moved to Providence , Rhode Island , and Christiana continued her business as a hairdresser as well as her activism .	hairdresser
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	5	Valery Sherer Mathes assessed the writer and her work :  	writer
female	42	"All Things Fair ( , literally "" Great Lust and Beauty "" ) is a Swedish erotic drama film which was released to cinemas in Sweden on 3 November 1995 , directed by Bo Widerberg , about a sexual relationship between a teacher and her 15-year - old student in southern Sweden during World War II ."	teacher
female	13	According to the organization , this award recognizes the huge work of the writer and her effort in protecting the Catalan language .	writer
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	9	"Emily Short is an interactive fiction ( IF ) writer , perhaps best known for her debut game "" Galatea "" and her use of psychologically complex NPCs , or non - player game characters ."	writer
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Anna MacLeod , was a school teacher , and her father , Kenneth MacLeod was a British soldier serving with the Seaforth Highlanders during the First World War .	teacher
female	12	Her mother , Etta , was a Howard University - educated music teacher and her father , John , was a minister who was the leader of the Pickaninny Troubadours , a group mainly consisting of child performers .	teacher
female	24	Along with Baby Bear , Abby begins attending school in a 2006 episode at the Storybook Community School , where Mrs. Goose is the teacher and other fairy tale characters like Hansel and Gretel are her classmates .	teacher
female	4	She was also a writer and her autobiographical work Aṭukkaḷayilninnu Pārlimentileykku ( ‘ From Kitchen to Parliament ’ ) won her the Kerala Sahitya Academy Award , 1960 .	writer
female	13	"Gail Zehner Martin ( born December 1 , 1962 ) is an American writer of epic fantasy and urban fantasy and is most well known for her """	writer
female	4	Her father is a teacher and her mother a school director .	teacher
female	19	Ayanna Witter - Johnson was born in London , England , of Jamaican heritage ; her mother is a teacher and her father is a television , film and theatre actor Wil Johnson .	teacher
female	5	Her mother worked as a clerk and her father was an engineer in Přelouč .	clerk
female	5	Ms. Grinstead was a local teacher and former beauty queen and her disappearance caused a great deal of concern in the small town of Ocilla , Georgia .	teacher
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	5	Her father was a farm laborer and her parents were of Indigenous Mexican ancestry .	laborer
female	8	- Eberhard 's mother was a primary school teacher , and her father , a small - town businessman , and as parents they encouraged her curiosity .	teacher
female	10	Her father , Morris Macy , was a certified public accountant and her mother , Ruth Macy ( née Narotsky ) , taught high school business classes until becoming a homemaker .	accountant
female	7	Asitimbay 's mother was an elementary school teacher and her father was a government employee .	teacher
female	25	"Pamela Smith Hill , author of "" Laura Ingalls Wilder : A Writer ’s Life "" , pays special attention to her development as a writer and her relationship to her daughter and editor , Rose Wilder Lane ."	writer
female	15	She was the eldest of six children ; her father , John , was a teacher and musician and her mother , Drucilla , was a social worker .	teacher
female	6	She was a pointed , incisive writer , and all her work , prose or poetry , had an aim , a central thought .	writer
female	13	Born into an artistic family in northern Brazil , her father is a writer and her mother , Marina Monarcha , a renowned Brazilian singer .	writer
female	13	In magic shows , his wife Amy ( ) performed both as his assistant and in her own right .	assistant
female	20	"Tovar owned a bassinet that would be used by several well known New Yorkers , including Julie Baumgold , a writer and her husband Edward Kosner , publisher of "" New York ; "" Elizabeth Sobieski , a novelist and mother of actress Leelee Sobieski , Judy Licht , a TV newswoman , and her husband Jerry Della Femina , an advertising executive ."	writer
female	9	Educated in a missionary school , she became a teacher and upon her marriage to Khama III continued to press for education for the BaNgwato .	teacher
female	10	By the 1840s she was already known as a hymn writer and her compositions were soon included in Church of Ireland hymnbooks .	writer
female	8	The publisher , now obsessed with his mysterious writer and her work , agrees .	writer
female	25	At the funeral , Angela 's grave marked as 1995 - 2002 is shown , surrounded by a group of people , including her school teacher and her only friend .	teacher
female	7	One important consequence is that the wet nurse and her family are forbidden to marry the baby and members of the baby 's family ( e.g. the nursling 's biological brother with the milk - mother 's biological daughter ) .	nurse
female	6	Her father was a secondary school teacher and her uncle was Bishop Nicolae Popea .	teacher
female	4	McCorkle is a prolific writer and her published research appears in many professional nursing and medical journals in the United States and abroad .	writer
female	11	Both of her parents were educators ; her mother was a teacher and her father was the founder and first president of Slater State College , now Winston - Salem State University .	teacher
female	5	Her father was a chartered accountant and her grandfather was David Berry Hart a renowned Edinburgh surgeon .	accountant
female	29	"In 2013 , she had her breakthrough role as Diana Watts in Hannah Fidell 's drama film "" A Teacher "" , which follows an affair had between a teacher ( Burdge ) and her student ."	teacher
female	23	Allred is the eldest daughter born to musician parents : her mother , Carol Ann Allred , is a classical soprano and voice teacher and her father , Brady R. Allred , formerly was the director of the Pittsburgh Bach Choir and an artistic director and conductor of Salt Lake Choral Artists .	teacher
female	10	Present at the house in the morning were also her housekeeper , Eunice Murray , and her publicist Patricia Newcomb , who had stayed overnight .	housekeeper
female	9	"It 's the story of a chef and cooking teacher and her difficult relationship with her resentful daughter . """	teacher
female	3	There , her teacher , Matt Glaser , and her fellow students , including roommate Casey Driessen , helped her “ find my groove and let go of that wall I had put up as a classical player . ”	teacher
female	13	"The original release does not feature any songs from her debut album "" Writer "" or from her two most recent albums at the time of the initial release , "" Simple Things "" and "" Welcome Home "" ."	writer
female	20	The film follows adventurer Rick O'Connell as he travels to Hamunaptra , the city of the dead , with a librarian and her brother , where they accidentally awaken Imhotep , a cursed high priest from the reign of the pharaoh Seti I.	librarian
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	8	Army soldiers murdered six Jesuit priests , their housekeeper and her daughter at the Central American University .	housekeeper
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	9	Her father , Ronald George Rowe was an account clerk and her mother was Edith , née Delany .	clerk
female	20	"She came from a family without any acting history ; her mother ( "" née "" Coulson ) is a teacher and her father a businessman ."	teacher
female	17	A school shooting occurs at South Park Elementary resulting in a fatality , though the fourth grade teacher and her students are nonchalant when a S.W.A.T. member storms the classroom to secure it , attempting to ignore the disruption while reviewing the class 's recent mathematics test .	teacher
female	34	"Her work received intense academic attention ; she has been described as being the "" premier writer of both fantasy and science fiction "" of the 1970s , the most frequently discussed science fiction writer of the 1970s , and over her career , as intensively studied as Philip K. Dick ."	writer
female	8	Her mother , Jane , is a PE teacher and her father , Mike , an amateur footballer and cricketer .	teacher
female	42	"The plot of "" King of a Rainy Country "" concerned the platonic relationship between two bohemian intellectuals both of whom are described as "" incurable romantics "" living in the drab post - war London , namely Susan , an aspiring writer and her roommate , Neage , an young man described as a brilliant intellectual who however works as a dishwasher in a filthy restaurant ."	writer
female	19	In a seemingly disconnected incident , a young orphan boy goes missing and it 's only his night school teacher , Meenakshi Pirzada ( Sonal Chauhan ) and her boyfriend and reputed journalist , Chandrashekar ( Prateik Babbar ) who are looking for him .	teacher
female	3	The film depicts Nurse and her family members as the main characters .	nurse
female	12	"Comrades with whom she worked in the IRH included Lenin 's former assistant , Elena Stasova , and her fellow "" "" AM - Apparat """	assistant
female	7	"She grew up wanting to be a writer but her first novel , "" The Years that Take the Best Away "" was rejected by 13 publishers ."	writer
female	26	’s sister , Johanna Laurentia Teerlink ( ‘ Jansje Teerling ’ ) , was Betje ’s foster child who frequently appears in the letters of the writer and her companion author Agatha ( Aagje ) Deken .	writer
female	9	He remained a widower but his household included a housekeeper and her three daughters .	housekeeper
female	10	""" Encantadia "" is her very first project as head writer and her first work in the telefantasya genre , which she created for GMA Network ."	writer
female	5	Her mother was a school teacher and her father worked for the National Electoral Commission , so her love of reading and education came from them and from the environment of Enugu , which is a part an academic and civil service city .	teacher
female	3	was a British writer and historian , known for her memoirs of her family and her time as a debutante .	writer
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	33	By December of 2018 , Tiffany Haddish and Awkwafina were in early negotiations to co - star in the film as a pair of undercover police officers , posing as a high school teacher and her daughter , respectively .	teacher
female	6	She studied music to be a teacher at grammar schools and the piano was her main instrument ( teacher Gitti Pirner and others ) .	teacher
female	16	On her first stop she meets Hung Hsien ( King Kong Lee ) , a kitchen assistant and her ' dream boy ' Pete Lau ( Jason Chan ) , who is there to conduct business with the head chef .	assistant
female	12	His daughter Natalia Konchalovskaya ( 1903–1988 ) was a notable children 's writer and her husband Sergei Mikhalkov was a notable poet , the author of children 's poetry and two versions of the National Anthem of the Soviet Union and the present National Anthem of Russia .	writer
female	4	Her mother was a teacher and her father a member of the Royal Marines .	teacher
female	17	Her father was the writer Leon C. Negruzzi ; her uncle , Iacob Negruzzi was also a writer and twice served as president of the Romanian Academy ; and her grandfather Constantin Negruzzi at one time served as the mayor of Iași .	writer
female	6	The story tells of a young nurse and her marriage to a farmer fifteen years her senior .	nurse
female	9	Her mother , Valerie Hill , was an English teacher and her father , Mal Hill , a computer and management consultant .	teacher
female	21	Christian , a lover of science , was raised in the U.S. Virgin Islands by her mother , who is a teacher , and by her father , an entrepreneur .	teacher
female	9	The film follows an affair between a high school teacher and her student .	teacher
female	12	Alexiou wrote short stories and novels about her experience as a school teacher and her life as a political exile in Hungary and Romania .	teacher
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	13	Milner 's father Samuel Langford was a musical critic , journalist , and teacher and her mother ( née Leslie Doig ) was a singing student .	teacher
female	6	i Morist has been a piano teacher , and her father Jordi Roure	teacher
female	10	Ulrika died in 1733 , and Maria continued as a housekeeper for Ulrika 's aunt and later her cousin until her death on 16 May 1761 .	housekeeper
female	5	Her mother was a school teacher and her maternal grandparents were retired professors who ran a school .	teacher
female	6	Her father was the communist Pakistani writer , Faiz Ahmed Faiz , and her mother , the British - born Alys Faiz was a journalist and peace activist in Pakistan .	writer
female	14	Antorini was born in Jyllinge , near Copenhagen , where her mother was a teacher and her father a dairyman .	teacher
female	13	Through her duty to improve the integrity of public benefits programs , the auditor and her team identified $ 16.9 million in public assistance fraud in 2017 .	auditor
female	14	Their daughter , Mary , ( 1844–1913 ) later became a well - known writer in her own right under the name Mary Bradford Crowninshield ; her husband , Are nt Schuyler Crowninshield , was a naval officer who advanced to Rear Admiral rank , and eventually headed the Bureau of Navigation .	writer
female	16	Little is known about Sara Jeffrey besides that Paul Jeffrey , her father , was a tailor and her mother was Ellen , who lived with the Miltons until her death in 1611 .	tailor
female	29	The narrator Sir Lovemore recounts his incursions with young woman named Rivella who he describes as irresistible and charming , as well as detailing her career as a political writer , defendant in two separate trials , and ultimately her search for love and companionship .	writer
female	12	Her father , Albert John Lange ( 1913–1989 ) , was a teacher and traveling salesman , and her mother , Dorothy Florence ( née Sahlman ; 1913–1998 ) , was a housewife .	teacher
female	4	Her mother was a teacher and her father , a fisherman and a planter from a village , worked night shifts in a factory .	teacher
female	30	In that incident , armed members of El Salvador ’s military burst into the Jesuit residence at the Universidad Centroamericana in San Salvador and executed six Jesuit priests , a housekeeper and her daughter .	housekeeper
female	5	Her mother was a school teacher , in public relations , and later a personal talent manager , and her father a producer / writer .	teacher
female	5	Throughout her career as a teacher , her articles , poems , researches and interviews were published in Turkish Cypriot newspapers .	teacher
female	22	Kasulka was born and raised in the town of Macon , Georgia , as an only child to her mother , a hairdresser and her grandmother a pastor .	hairdresser
female	8	"She was listed as a "" private school teacher "" and her husband as a "" public school teacher "" ."	teacher
female	19	Crow and Stevie Nicks had collaborated in the past and Crow had stated that Nicks had been a great teacher and inspiration to her .	teacher
female	4	"She is also a writer and her book "" Wedding in a Prison "" was one amongst 7000 that was donated to the SADR , by the Algerian Minister of Culture ."	writer
female	13	"Seal Morning "" describes how , at the age of ten , the writer and her aunt Miriam settled in a remote croft in Sutherland , Scotland , where they lived for seven years with various pets that included a common seal , Lora ."	writer
female	6	Mrs. Shaw is a high school counselor , and therefore a good and empathetic listener herself , and Gopal confides in her about his childhood dreams and sorrows .	counselor
female	6	Barbara enlists as a Red Cross nurse and her brother as a soldier .	nurse
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	27	Sukrita Paul Kumar was born in Nairobi , Kenya to Joginder Paul , an educator , well known fiction writer in Urdu , and an English literature teacher and her mother a retired professor of English at Jamia Millia Islamia University .	teacher
female	4	Her mother was a writer and her father a musician , and the young Moulin was raised in an artistic environment , surrounded by figures such as Franz Hellens and Joseph Roth .	writer
female	4	She became a prolific writer , publishing books of literary critique or her own poems every two to three years after .	writer
female	37	Two French pals , one an unemployed young man named Otto ( Romain Duris ) living with his mother in state housing , and the other his girlfriend Louna ( Rona Hartner ) , who is a hairdresser and has the bailiffs after her , reflect on the lack of meaning in their lives , their society and the system .	hairdresser
female	4	Her father was the writer and art historian Quentin Bell and her mother was Anne Olivier Bell who edited the diaries of Virginia Woolf to whom Virginia is related .	writer
female	25	"In 1987 , the school was the setting for "" Echoes in the Darkness "" , a Joseph Wambaugh book detailing the murder of a teacher and her two children for insurance money , allegedly by the head of the English department and the former principal ."	teacher
female	5	His show features a beautiful assistant , Connie ( Mary Beth Hughes ) and her drunken husband Al ( Dan Duryea ) , Flamarion 's other assistant .	assistant
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	9	The film , which followed the love between a nurse and her superior , featured Perbatasari as Ratna Asmara 's character 's uncle .	nurse
female	12	Her father , Frederick Mann Cumming , was a civil engineer 's assistant and her mother was Emma Georgina Love .	assistant
female	16	Her family was well known in the town , as her grandmother was the first school teacher and her grandfather had owned the largest general store in the town .	teacher
female	26	For both male and female children , studies in the Heian Period began between ages 3 and 4 , usually under the supervision of a wet nurse and perhaps her husband .	nurse
female	12	Her mother , Marion Eugenia Hughes , was a first - grade teacher and her father , Stephen Bernard Bluitt Jr. , worked as a government payroll clerk .	teacher
female	5	Her father was a history teacher and her mother worked in a library and gave music lessons .	teacher
female	11	"Starring Gaby Köster , the show was about a confident sales assistant , "" Rita Kruse "" ; her fight with her self - righteous boss , "" Achim Schuhmann "" ( Lutz Herkenrath ) ; and her life with her loving husband "" Horst "" ( Frank Vockroth ) and their two children , "" Sandra "" ( Jasmin Schwiers ) and "" Markus "" ( Marius Theobald ) ."	assistant
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	10	During the Second World War , she volunteered as a nurse in St. John 's Ambulance Corps and for her service , she was awarded a Viceroy 's Certificate of Merit .	nurse
female	4	Her mother was a teacher and her father an engineer who worked on the Hubble telescope .  	teacher
female	20	Along with Ellen , the suspects include her physician , Dr. Han ( an uncredited Gregory Gaye ) ; her nurse ( Isabel Withers , uncredited ) ; her lover , Justin Reeves ; Jean ; and the minions of the society .	nurse
female	4	Her mother was a nurse and her stepfather a doctor and , like them , she also wanted to help others from a young age .	nurse
female	4	The daughter of the counselor , Misa , and her fiancé , Daizaburo , pursue Gennosuke along with other samurai from Gennosuke 's clan despite Gennosuke 's obvious superiority as a warrior .	counselor
female	10	She discussed these ideas in letters she exchanged with the writer , Catherine Marsh , and her sister .	writer
female	11	Taylor , then in his early twenties , became Kar 's assistant and within a short time also her lover ; Musgrave apparently did not mind .	assistant
female	13	For the next four years , OLG ignored Edmonds ' inquiries after the clerk and her husband were falsely named the rightful winners .	clerk
female	14	Later , due to accusations about her husband living with another woman , the nurse and her son leave for the United States .	nurse
female	14	Izabela was the best - known of all 3 sisters ; she became a writer and her novels , fairly popular in the 1930s , were an attempt to combine Catholic morality drama and popular novel .	writer
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	The embezzlement was carried out in 1978 by head cashier , Elizabeth Jane Boerger and her private business associate , Robert W. Yeazell .	cashier
female	27	"Recently , Storey produced and directed the web series , "" Do n’t Make Me Sick "" , written by Emmy and Golden Globe Award - winning writer and also her husband , Mike Gandolfi ."	writer
female	10	She is best known for her work as a cancer nurse and her leadership expanding Chamberlain University .	nurse
female	11	Utako Hanazono ( January 1905 – 1982 ) was a Japanese writer , modern dancer , geisha and a Japanese traditional dance master by the name of Tamae Hanazono at her later years .	writer
female	2	"She was nurse to all the eleven children ; but little Lucinda was preeminently her "" chile , "" partly because her ill health so frequently made her require a nurse 's care ."	nurse
female	14	Her mother Nodhlaig ( originally from The Rosses , County Donegal ) was a teacher and her father Con ( originally from Cork ) was a garda , while she also has one sister , Bríd .	teacher
female	5	Her mother was a registered nurse and her father an electrical engineer .	nurse
female	6	"Although she identifies herself as a writer / producer , her work as a stand - up comedian , including being featured on Comedy Central 's "" Premium Blend "" , opened the way for her to work on - camera ."	writer
female	6	Susanna Catherina Krogh was a music teacher of Boer descent and her father was Captain Percy Harold Jenks Blakemore , an officer in the British Army .	teacher
female	12	Elufioye was born into an educated family where her mother was a teacher and her father was an administrator at a university .	teacher
female	13	Her father was a mine supervisor and her mother was a primary school teacher , and for several years Piliso - Seroke 's mother was also her teacher at school .	teacher
female	6	Her father was a primary school teacher and her mother was a housewife .	teacher
female	25	The first gives an overview of her educational convictions , of the development of her research and thinking from her early years as a zoology teacher and of her growing involvement in group analysis and its application in education .	teacher
female	8	After graduation , Meek was hired as a teacher at Bethune - Cookman University in Daytona Beach , Florida , and then at her alma mater , Florida A&M University .	teacher
female	11	Born and raised in Lund , Hultberg 's father was a teacher and her mother , literary historian .	teacher
female	7	""" Michalski is just a damned good writer , and her subject matter is , at the same time , the most common story there is : love ."	writer
female	21	Stauber was born in Tel Aviv to working - class parents , her mother , Hadassah Pilater , was a kindergarten teacher and her father , Itcho ( Yitzhak ) , was one of the founders of the rescue sector in Israel , she has two brothers .	teacher
female	5	"She was a highly accomplished teacher of theatre and drama for learning and amongst her many achievements she defined and developed "" mantle of the expert "" as an approach to teaching ."	teacher
female	7	Due to Cronin 's father being a teacher and her grandfather and uncle having a big interest in books , she was exposed to literature and the written word more than most would have been at the time .	teacher
female	52	In 1882 , she was appointed , by the general officers of the National WCTU , president of the Missouri WCTU , Frances E. Willard having visited Kansas City to look over the ground and having learned of the mental powers and vigorous executive talents of Hoffman , her success as a teacher , her remarkable voice and elocutionary training , and her earnest Christianity .  	teacher
female	17	""" The Courage to Heal "" is written by Ellen Bass , a poet and creative writing teacher and her student Laura Davis , an author and incest survivor ."	teacher
female	9	Her mother , Rachel , is a local registered nurse and her father , Mike , is a police lieutenant .	nurse
female	3	Ma is her assistant and was her junior when they were both studying in NTU .	assistant
female	5	Her father was a railroad clerk , and her mother a dietitian .	clerk
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	1	The writer and her mother had borrowed from a woman called Philumene the sum of 2000 drachmae on behalf of Heron , the son of Philumene .	writer
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	12	Accompanying them is their Irish Catholic servant , Madam Starkey 's former nurse , Bridget FitzGerald and her daughter Mary , who take up a small cottage in the grounds of the manor .	nurse
female	12	Kathleen Mary Etchingham ( born 18 June 1946 ) is an English writer known from the Swinging London music scene of the 1960s and her relationship with Jimi Hendrix .	writer
female	5	Her mother works as a nurse and her stepfather , a Vietnam vet , was a Physician 's Assistant at Martha 's Vineyard only hospital .	nurse
female	5	Her mother is elementary school teacher and her father , an environmental journalist .	teacher
female	17	He later tracks it to a school and is wounded trying to lure it away from a teacher and her student .	teacher
female	6	Writer Elsa Beskow was an art teacher and her husband , theologian Natanael Beskow served as the headmaster of the school from 1897 to 1909 .	teacher
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	6	Her mother was a primary school teacher and her father was a businessman .	teacher
female	8	This was her most productive time as a writer and her books and several magazine articles were written during this period .	writer
female	8	Alonso is a well - known children 's writer and her works have been translated and distributed in other countries .	writer
female	3	"Enid was a nurse working at the hospital during his early days as an M.D. and he has one child by her , a son called Harrison , a gay , drug - dealing heavy metal fan who wrote a scathing musical about him titled "" Dr. Dad "" and "" shacked up "" with the actor playing Kelso ."	nurse
female	9	Her father , Leslie Knight Wilson was a chartered accountant ; her mother , Brenda ( née Naylor ) a French teacher .	accountant
female	5	Her mother was a mathematics teacher and her father a pharmacist .	teacher
female	19	"A working - class Irish American , early storylines focus on his budding relationship with "" Banner "" executive assistant and heiress Victoria "" Viki "" Lord and her first bout with multiple personalities ."	assistant
female	9	"As a result of years working as a family counselor , her novels "" feature complex characterizations and in - depth explorations of social issues ."	counselor
female	17	Owing to her authentic descriptions of sexual psychology , Su Qing was described as a bold female writer and her work received mixed praise .	writer
female	5	Gilligan 's father was an accountant and her mother a speech therapist .	accountant
female	4	"The film presents the writer and her perspectives on exile and literature , on living abroad and in a bilingual universe . "" Lisboa "" premiered on WHTJ PBS / WCVE PBS , Virginia , also aired by Rocky Mountain PBS ."	writer
female	5	She became an Sunday school teacher and throughout her life , was an active and faithful supporter of literary and temperance societies .	teacher
female	10	When moving to Paris , Curtius bought with him a housekeeper and her daughter , Marie Grosholtz , who Curtius then took on as an apprentice of his work .	housekeeper
female	7	Toadie hires Naomi Canning as his personal assistant and her mother , Sheila ( Colette Mann ) , warns Sonya to be wary of her daughter .	assistant
female	9	Her mother returned to college to become a pediatrics nurse and her sisters are also nurses .	nurse
female	26	"His interpretation of Jane Austen ’s character and personality as well as of her fiction impresses the reader with his long and intimate acquaintance with the writer and her works . """	writer
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	7	Upon entering the house they killed the housekeeper and her husband .	housekeeper
female	24	Chang was born in 1969 in Oklahoma to Taiwanese immigrants , who had met in Montreal , where her mother was working as a nurse and her father was earning his doctorate in physics .	nurse
female	18	It was in this city that the couple took up residence , and in which Gloria was a teacher at the Normal School , by right of consort at first , and later in her own position .	teacher
female	9	Her father , Didier Exarchopoulos , is a guitar teacher , and her mother , Marina Niquet , a nurse .	teacher
female	4	He lives with a housekeeper and her son , and talks to the son about his life before he forgets it entirely .	housekeeper
female	16	That is done by giving lessons in general education and physical sciences through conversations between a teacher and her student .	teacher
female	5	Her mother was a maths teacher and her father taught science .	teacher
female	13	In the same episode , her mother is said to have been a nurse and her father a fireman .	nurse
female	3	"She is a teacher and TJ refers to her as "" Aunt Kate "" ."	teacher
female	21	"She soon developed an interest in music composition but her early ventures into this area were strongly discouraged by both her teacher and her relatively wealthy and conservative family , who viewed the pursuit as an eccentric hobby that was "" too exciting for a delicate child "" ."	teacher
female	15	"His situation comedy "" Two 's Company "" ( 1975–79 ) , about an American writer and her English butler , starred Elaine Strich and Donald Sinden ."	writer
female	10	"Her son , Matt Blakeslee , is also a science writer , and her co - author on the 2007 book """	writer
female	18	McGrillis grew up in Scotby , near Carlisle in Cumbria with her mother who was a special needs teacher and her accountant father .	teacher
female	23	"The result is a warm and generous novel , a novel that attests once again to Ms. Tyler 's enormous gifts as a writer and her innate understanding of the mysteries of kinship and blood . """	writer
female	10	She has been described as an outstanding heart - wrenching writer and her work explores the dark side of life and realities people are afraid or uncomfortable to talk about .	writer
female	12	She is considered by many to be Appalachia 's first significant female writer and her work a necessity for the study of Appalachian literature , although a number of characters in her work reinforce negative stereotypes about the region .	writer
female	12	The story depicts the struggle between a ferocious and ruthless elementary school teacher and her class .	teacher
female	7	In later life Siries became a respected teacher and her pupils included Anna Bacherini Piattoli .	teacher
female	19	Higonnet was born in New Orleans , Louisiana , and came from an academic family - her mother a librarian and her father a professor .	librarian
female	4	Millicent is a song writer and her track ‘	writer
female	4	Her mother is a nurse and her father worked in the pharmaceutical industry .	nurse
female	13	She was given a reference which bore testimony to her ability as a teacher and her power of organization .	teacher
female	3	Amanda is a writer and teacher in Northern California , and her son , Ian is a musician and voice actor in Los Angeles .	writer
female	22	She wrote primarily for children and young adults , and her books benefited from her years of experience as a children 's librarian and her love of children 's literature .	librarian
female	14	This included six Jesuit priests who taught at the university as well as their housekeeper and her 16-year - old daughter .	housekeeper
female	20	Among the stranded passengers met by U.S. pilot Nick Stanton ( Robert Preston ) , are a beautiful Red Cross nurse , Ann Richards ( Ellen Drew ) , and her traveling companion , Madame Wu ( Soo Yong ) , who is on a secret diplomatic mission .	nurse
female	13	After many hurdles , the child is saved from his clutches by the nurse and her doctor - lover ( S. A. Ashokan ) .	nurse
female	4	Her mother was a teacher , and her father an Elder In Church .	teacher
female	6	Her mother was an elementary school teacher and her father , a Ukrainian immigrant .	teacher
female	6	Her father was a meal company laborer and her mother was a doctor 's stenographer and office assistant .	laborer
female	34	"Sally would always turn up ultra - fully prepared , her research exhaustive , her analysis of the available clues forensic ... above all though , Sally was simply ' a natural as a writer , her minute observation and ability to ask the right question easily matched by her way with a phrase . """	writer
female	5	Her father Pierre was an accountant and her mother Yvonne ( Sesquiere ) a secretary .	accountant
female	21	Growing up in Dunmore , Pennsylvania , Marrazzo chose to get into a career with medicine because her mother was a nurse and her role model .	nurse
female	8	"More Beautiful Than Love "" , about a teacher and her student , and "" The Flower of Evil "" , a dark story about twins ."	teacher
female	7	Her father was a history and mathematics teacher and her mother a physharmonica teacher and performer .	teacher
female	15	Lydia Ivanovna Vasilieva was a bayan player , a choirmaster and a singing / vocal teacher and her father Viktor Semenovich Vasiliev was a theoretician , graduate of the Gnessin State Musical College .	teacher
female	6	After the woman 's death the nurse and her boyfriend search for the dead woman 's money but something is n't quite right , and it may be after them .	nurse
female	23	"Ugo abandoned his new wife and faith before Umberto was born and the child was raised first by a Slovene Catholic wet - nurse , Gioseffa Gabrovich Schobar ( "" Peppa "" ) , and her husband , who had just lost a child , and from 1887 onwards by his mother , in her sister Regina 's home , though Umberto maintained a close lifelong attachment to Peppa ."	nurse
female	6	It portrays a quiet young shop assistant from Northern Ireland and her relationship with her rich employers Bernard and Mona McAuley who take her on a trip to London .	assistant
female	24	On 9 November 1960 , her family was moved to a state - owned farm in Gjirokastër District , where she worked as a teacher and her husband as the farm director .	teacher
female	1	The writer and her family are buried in a small cemetery between the garden and the village church .	writer
female	21	She is a rebel and is opposed to any form of authority , which regularly leads to confrontations with both her teacher , Ms. Sorkowitz , and her mother , Mililani Mudd .	teacher
female	4	Her father was a teacher from Nigeria , and her mother a nurse from Trinidad .	teacher
female	4	"My mother was a teacher and my sister and I stayed with her . """	teacher
female	12	Born Joyce Dannen in Chicago in 1928 , her mother was a teacher and her father the owner of a small store .	teacher
female	6	Her father was a Soviet Jewish writer and her mother was a translator and interpreter .	writer
female	4	Her mother was a teacher and often brought Fukuda along with her to school .	teacher
female	22	At the start of the film , he is having dinner with his girlfriend Tara ( Lindsay Lohan ) and his personal assistant Gina ( Amanda Brooks ) and her boyfriend Ryan ( Nolan Funk ) .	assistant
female	18	Her mother , the former Jaye Rudolph ( born 1930 ) , was a former high - school teacher , and her father , the Reverend William Guy ( born 1928 ) , was pastor of the historic Friendship Baptist Church of Atlanta , which served as an early home to Spelman College ; he was also a college instructor in philosophy and religion .	teacher
female	14	The January 1920 US Census has Waite living in Manhattan listed as a music teacher and with her sister Grace who was studying music .	teacher
female	9	Her mother , Illona Wolanin , is a retired teacher and her father , Vincent Wolanin , is a businessman from Philadelphia .	teacher
female	12	As of 1943 she was known back in Lewistown as a vocal teacher in California and her past concerts in the Lewistown area .	teacher
female	4	Her mother was a nurse , and her father a manager for a conveyor company .	nurse
female	2	With her assistant , Thelma , and her driver , Frank , encouraging her , Maddie decides it 's not too late to give motherhood a try .	assistant
female	15	Saintonge 's early life affected her future , as she was the daughter of a writer and translator , her mother , Louise -	writer
female	4	Her mother is a teacher and her father an NHS manager .	teacher
female	4	"She was an avid writer and her writings also included : "" Fettered for Life "" ( 1872 ) , a novel dealing with the woman 's suffrage question ; "" Woman 's Place To - day "" ( 1883 ) , a series of lectures in reply to Dr. Morgan Dix 's lenten sermons on the "" Calling of a Christian Woman "" ; and "" A Daring Experiment "" ( 1894 ) ."	writer
female	44	"Stephen A. Mitchell writes , "" What is so very mistaken about such comments , of course , is that they tend to interpret [ Horn ’s ] actions as the protagonist of the autobiography , rather than examining the delicate balance between the writer and her heroine "" ."	writer
female	8	Her father , John , is a PE teacher , her mother works in a bank and her two older brothers , Paul and Mark , both studied at the University of Oxford .	teacher
female	20	Vacatello comes from a musical family : her mother , Pina , was a pianist and now is a piano teacher and her father , Antonio , is a piano tuner as well as a professor and musician .	teacher
female	5	Her father was a town clerk and her mother a housewife .	clerk
female	19	In the eighteen - thirties , Henry Collen was personally acquainted with young Princess Victoria , being her drawing teacher and her miniature portrait painter ...	teacher
female	8	However , on losing her job as a clerk and her family ( consisting of an ill father , a younger sister and brother ) being dependent on her income , she is forced to join Ravi 's advertising agency .	clerk
female	17	Ameksha was born on 26 October 1988 in Mauritius to Dilchands - her father worked as a teacher and her mother , Meera , as a nurse .	teacher
female	6	Page was hired as a science teacher and her husband was initially the assistant principal , though he was promoted to principal in 1880 .	teacher
female	5	Her mother was a domestic housekeeper , and Georgette worked with her while quite young , but she did well in school and graduated from Washington Irving High School .	housekeeper
female	5	Her father was a primary teacher and her mother , a pianist at the Paris Conservatory .	teacher
female	7	Lee 's professional roots as an English teacher and her personal social awakening during the Black Arts Movement feature prominently in cultural modeling , where a strong focus on reading , literary study , and linguistics and a full embrace of one 's social background and cultural history are fundamental .	teacher
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	3	Taruna is her assistant as well as her best friend .	assistant
female	13	She was the eldest child of her father Adolf Künzlen , a commercial clerk and her mother , Nellie , a political activist .	clerk
female	6	Kim is a middle school PE teacher and her husband , Justin , is a US history teacher for 8th grade .	teacher
female	16	The short , 18-minute film , made after three weeks of rehearsal , concerns a chatty hairdresser , Betty ( Alison Steadman ) , her shy daughter , Charlene ( Wendy Nottingham ) , and one of her customers , Joy ( Sylvestra Le Touzel ) .	hairdresser
female	18	"Lord 's third novel was "" Fortress "" , a thriller about the kidnapping of a country school teacher and her students ."	teacher
female	4	Pauline is a home nurse who lives with her children , Tom and Lili , and her father Jacques , a retired worker and former member of the French Communist Party , in a small village in Pas - de - Calais , in northern France .	nurse
female	22	In August 2010 , the office of the New York County District Attorney initiated a probe into her affairs managed by her accountant , Irving Kamsler , and her attorney , Wallace Bock .	accountant
female	5	For her work as a teacher and her efforts to reform the education system , she is sometimes given the sobriquet ” Educator of the People ” .	teacher
female	36	"Juan Rafael Bustillo ( born January 31 , 1935 ) is a former general and chief of the Air Force of El Salvador who is accused of planning the murder of six Jesuit priests , a housekeeper and her daughter at the Universidad Centroamericana "" José Simeón Cañas "" ( UCA ) in El Salvador on November 16 , 1989 ."	housekeeper
female	17	"Margaret Oliphant believed that Anne "" would have no right to be considered at all as a writer but for her association with [ her sisters ' ] imperative spirits ."	writer
female	16	Pauline Phelps ( November 13 , 1870 – January 6 , 1963 ) was an American writer and playwright , known for writing short monologues for recitation , and for her collaborations with partner Marion Short .	writer
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	11	Her father , Demetrio del Hoyo , was a farm - laborer and her mother , Carmen Alonso , a home - maker .	laborer
female	7	She had reportedly left notes for her housekeeper , Zoleka Shumani , and her family .	housekeeper
female	14	The stories were also at the center of a scandal involving both the young writer and her father .	writer
female	10	Her mother , Marcia , was a contralto and music teacher and her father , Randolph , taught music in high school and college .	teacher
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	15	West ( November 24 , 1942 – January 3 , 2008 ) was an American librarian and lesbian author , known for her alternative viewpoints in librarianship and her authorship of books about lesbian sex and polyfidelity .	librarian
female	4	Her mother was a teacher and her father was a lumberman , farmer , and handyman , and worked at the Greenbrier Hotel .	teacher
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	16	Both of McCool 's parents work in education ; her mother , Jenny , is a teacher and her father , Terry , is a superintendent .	teacher
female	5	Her father was a biology teacher and her mom was a counselor and then became a psychologist .	teacher
female	32	In the dress rehearsal for the December 18 , 2010 , episode ( hosted by Jeff Bridges ) , a sketch appeared in which Bedelia wanted to hang out with her drama teacher ( Bridges ) rather than her classmates ; the sketch was cut for the live episode .	teacher
female	13	She grew up in Benalla , where her mother was a primary school teacher and her father was a dairyman .	teacher
female	5	Lambert was not only her teacher but also her concert manager and mentor .	teacher
female	17	When Elle starts writing a story about Rachel Kinski 's ( Caitlin Stasey ) relationship with her teacher , her stepsister , Libby Kennedy ( Kym Valentine ) goes to Brad and asks him to drop the story .	teacher
female	10	Zsa Zsa Gabor plays a dual role , Stalin 's nurse and lover as well as her twin sister who , unaware of Stalin 's plot , hires an ex – O.S.S. agent ( Lex Barker ) to find her sister .	nurse
female	6	Her father works as a school teacher and her mother is a homemaker .	teacher
female	4	Her mother is a teacher and her father is a teacher turned financial adviser .	teacher
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	10	Her father , Gerardo Terrero , was the mill 's accountant and her mother was Elvira Serrano .	accountant
female	15	As a result of this experience , Margaret trained to be a Licensed Substance abuse Counselor and with her traditional teachings , has led retreats for children and co - dependants of alcoholics to help other First Nation people that had found themselves in a similar position .	counselor
female	14	Her father , John Rothchild , is a well - known non - fiction writer and her mother , Susan Rothchild , is the daughter of 21 Club founder Charlie Berns .	writer
female	16	"For two years , Cnockaert ( codenamed "" Laura "" ) used her cover as a nurse and her frequent proximity to German military personnel — at both the hospital and as a waitress at her parents ' café — to gather important military intelligence for the British and their allies , which she passed on to other agents in local churches ."	nurse
female	5	Her father was a university teacher and her mother was a doctor .	teacher
female	22	As arguments ensue about the potential problems of integrating the neighborhood , both couples awkwardly call on Russ and Bev 's black housekeeper and her husband , Francine and Albert , to express their opposing views .	housekeeper
female	23	"Tanaka 's visual flair raised "" Private Life of a School Mistress "" ( 1973 ) above its lackluster story of a female teacher and her romantic relationship with a male student ."	teacher
female	1	"The nurse simply shook her head and said : ' That 's it , everybody else has died . ' """	nurse
female	5	One evening , the pharmacy clerk makes a pass at her when he thinks she is another girl .	clerk
female	5	In 2003 , the head teacher of a British primary school voiced her concern after learning that female students as young as 10 were wearing thong underwear to school .	teacher
female	1	A teacher by profession , she refereed her first international match in 2004 before going onto officiate at the 2005 Southeast Asian games and the 2006 Asian Games .	teacher
female	8	At 2:30 AM , Trixie realizes that her teacher has given her Sonja 's bunny , and asks her father to call Sonja 's house to exchange toys .	teacher
female	9	Anderson 's show business career began when a dance teacher urged her parents to find an agent for her .	teacher
female	4	In 2005 , a teacher instructed her senior civics and economics class to take photographs to illustrate the rights contained in the United States Bill of Rights .	teacher
female	6	"While studying in England , a teacher read her "" The Odyssey . """	teacher
female	1	"A writer from "" USA Today "" complimented her recital of both songs , writing "" Carey certainly earned the right to savor the spotlight this year ."	writer
female	16	"Beyoncé 's live performances of "" 1 + 1 "" have received positive reception ; a writer from "" HuffPost "" described her live performance on "" American Idol "" as "" an epic , emotionally - charged [ one ] ."	writer
female	2	A registered nurse , she received her B.A. from the University of Arkansas .	nurse
female	2	That same writer also described her dislike of automobiles , which she considered “ ugly ” and “ unsafe . ”	writer
female	2	Sam 's teacher , Cassandra ( Samantha Mathis ) , gives John her phone number , offering her friendship .  	teacher
female	4	Terlezki recalls how his teacher instilled her love of Ukrainian culture in her pupils .	teacher
female	30	Toward the middle of the action Ibsen was thrown to the fishes , and Nora was saved from suicide , rebellion , flight and immortality by making a faithful old clerk steal her fateful promissory note from Krogstad 's desk .	clerk
female	1	The librarian asks Sudha her name , Sudha whispers .	librarian
female	13	Much to her surprise , Zeldis 's paintings were well received and her teacher introduced her work to an art critic , who further suggested showing her work to dealers .	teacher
female	1	This teacher led her students through the process of in - depth research to better understand the distribution of liquor licenses and the reasons behind the concentration in their neighborhood .	teacher
female	2	"A news writer in Paris , Kentucky announced her achievement and gushed that Breckinridge , "" is considered one of the most brilliant women in the South . """	writer
female	6	Somewhere within the area , a nurse tells her son to stay put in the stroller just before leaving .	nurse
female	3	After finding the nurse giving her own blood to the dead burn patient and running into the infected head nurse , Akiba flees the room .	nurse
female	18	"After vacations , she was determined to "" go right to work "" , but only after the housekeeper organized her study ."	housekeeper
female	2	"A newspaper writer praised her effort as "" an example of the new woman who has gone into business for herself and made good . """	writer
female	47	Franz ( Mathias Gnädinger ) is shocked when he returns after 30 years to his hometown Sternenberg – the primary school of Sternenberg will be closed as there is a just a handful of students in the small isolated village in the Töss Valley , and the teacher thus would lose her job .	teacher
female	2	A prolific writer , she started her professional career as an author from 1980 , first in “ Anandamala ” , a juvenile magazine , then in “ Desh ” and other periodicals of the time .	writer
female	3	"Moreover , his teacher had described her delivery of Handel 's "" I know that my Redeemer liveth "" to him in terms of wonder ."	teacher
female	4	Meanwhile , Sutwell 's assistant Marianne further develops her crush on the Professor .	assistant
female	2	An exacting teacher , she stalked her perspective drawing students with a kneadable putty eraser in hand , challenging their skills with arrangements of battered metal rubbish bins , piles of broken chairs and , on rainy days , a dripping sixteen - rib umbrella .	teacher
female	1	"A writer , she records her feelings in a series of "" letters to a stranger "" on her computer ."	writer
female	25	As a child , Sherine 's vocal talent was first discovered by her music teacher at school ; at the age of nine , her teacher convinced her mother to take her to the Cairo Opera House to meet Selim Sehab , a very famous Egyptian classical music conductor .	teacher
female	34	In one case , Dr. Aulakh faced accusations of obtaining signatures by deception in 2002 from US House Foreign Policy Aides when a publication on US Congress , The Hill stated that a legislative assistant to a Republican Congressman misled her office by implying to a staff member that the Congressman , John Shimkus , had agreed to sign a letter to the President calling for release of political prisoners in India .	assistant
female	19	"In the February 2 , 1895 , issue of "" Harper 's Bazaar "" , for example , a writer profiled her luxuriously decorated studio and described her as a 22-year - old child prodigy , even though she was 31 at the time ."	writer
female	4	"She claimed that a writer had once summed up her popularity by saying , "" In the South Ruth Brown is better known than Coca - Cola . """	writer
female	1	A teacher , who was in the audience and who turned out to be an acting agent , realized her potential .	teacher
female	1	"A writer of "" Rap - Up "" praised her look , saying that she was "" burning up "" the print ."	writer
female	5	"According to reports , the assistant killed her boss because Stein "" just kept yelling at her ."	assistant
female	3	A primary school teacher prior to 1990 , when she started writing full time , she published her 100th book in September , 2016 .	teacher
female	4	A high school guidance counselor helped her gain admission to Boston University , where she enlisted in the Reserve Officer Training Corps .	counselor
female	19	As Jay has developed the habit to prefer Joe over Manny , Alex discovers that Ben , Claire 's assistant , has a crush on her .	assistant
female	16	"While attending Monticello , she was first exposed to live opera when her high school music teacher took her class to the Metropolitan Opera for a matinee of "" La bohème "" ."	teacher
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	32	"Angelou 's third autobiography "" Singin ' and Swingin ' and Gettin ' Merry Like Christmas "" ( 1976 ) marked the first time a well - known African - American woman writer had expanded her life story into a third autobiography ."	writer
female	1	His housekeeper of 30 years Leonie Lutringer left her entire estate to Muldoon in 1922 .	housekeeper
female	1	"A writer in "" The Gazette "" praised her "" natural elfishness and grotesquerie of person and manner . """	writer
female	3	However , the housekeeper does her own way : she puts her Ivan into the imperial cradle , and gives the other two away for hard labor .	housekeeper
female	10	Florence Lubega was married to Saulo Lubega , a former teacher at Mityana S.S. Florence Lubega has outlived her children and she has two brothers ; Wamala Steven Ssempasa , who lives in the United Kingdom , and Paul Musoke Wamala , a former tourism operator who now lives in Luzira , a Kampala suburb .	teacher
female	1	A teacher shortened her name to Hannah .	teacher
female	3	When the real teacher encounters her copy , she drops unconscious .	teacher
female	16	"Brooks ' performance on the show has been favorably reviewed by TV critics , with one writer calling her "" the breakout actress of the show and one of the most refreshing and exciting new talents of 2013 ."	writer
female	8	It is an informal autobiography in which the writer explores her emotional process from painful childhood , through the development of her theories and later insights , told via the display and discussion of 66 of her original paintings , painted in the years 1973 - 2005 .	writer
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	11	As soon as the second hospital plane landed , the flight nurse aboard received her orders .	nurse
female	13	Mrs Seager never sought the limelight , to the point of having an assistant read her reports , nor any material recognition of her selfless volunteer work .	assistant
female	3	However , the clerk of the board , a Mr Palmer , opposed her activities , refusing her access to his office to view minutes of meetings .	clerk
female	14	"To see language treated so shabbily shakes the reader 's confidence ; if a writer ca n't work her way around a sentence or land a metaphor , what assurance have we that she can parse her subjects ' traumas , their complex , sometimes inchoate yearnings ? """	writer
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	27	"Chantel Guertin named her 2013 chick lit novel , balancing relationships , yoga , and cosmetic surgery "" Stuck in Downward Dog "" , while the yoga teacher and author Tracy Weber named her series of crime novels "" The Downward Dog Mysteries "" . """	teacher
female	10	At the Princess Tenagnework Comprehensive High School , an Indian teacher encouraged her interest in science and chemistry .	teacher
female	1	"One writer , however , recorded her perceptions as a member of the studio audience at the "" Fibber McGee and Molly "" broadcast Dec. 5 , 1946 ."	writer
female	2	The gossip writer mentioned her name in a column and Spain received a call from Columbia Pictures .	writer
female	4	"Her high school art teacher noticed her drawing abilities early on , and her mother eventually encouraged her to enroll in the École de L'Union Centrale des Arts Décoratifs ( = "" School of the Central Union of Decorative Arts "" ) in 1920 to study furniture design until 1925 ."	teacher
female	2	A former teacher in the Elmont school district , Jacobs received her B.A. degree from Hunter College , where she also did graduate work .	teacher
female	3	This means the teacher deliberately changes her power relationship with the students to one of equal power and authority .	teacher
female	1	"His teacher , Mrs. Richter , expressed her enthusiasm privately but could not vote because literature of the "" State - enemy "" had been cited ."	teacher
female	3	The first female librarian to be appointed to the State Library of New South Wales , Nita began her career at the library on probation as a junior attendant in the lending branch on November 20 , 1899 .	librarian
female	3	The director 's assistant coolly carries out her instructions , and it matters little if we are in a concentration camp or a film studio : all humane considerations are ruled out to achieve the ultimate work of art .	assistant
female	7	At the age of seven , her teacher guided her courses in Latin grammar .	teacher
female	4	When Taeko 's sewing teacher abandons her plans to go to France , Taeko decides to open a Western - style dress shop .	teacher
female	5	They later discovered that her teacher had been switching her test scores with a white student to cover up her intelligence .	teacher
female	1	"One writer has describe her style as "" busy "" ."	writer
female	1	The writer boosts her confidence by describing how sexy she is , and the two end up having sex in the recording studio .	writer
female	5	One day , as the housekeeper finishes her chores , she surprises the stalker .	housekeeper
female	5	After her high school music teacher recognized her talent , she received voice lessons at Coker College in Hartsville .	teacher
female	0	Nurse made her WNBA debut on May 20 , 2018 , scoring 17 points in an eventual 80–76 loss to the Chicago Sky .	nurse
female	3	In 2016 , Nurse made her Olympic debut for Team Canada at the Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro .	nurse
female	3	However , the nurse quickly retracts her initial response and tells Phaedra that she has a magical charm to cure her .	nurse
female	17	"Petry 's desire to become a professional writer was raised first in high school when her English teacher read her essay to the class and commented on it with the words : """	teacher
female	2	The nurse assistant , Trevor , checks the room for her in the morning but says no patients from this wing could have wandered in .	assistant
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	5	Her mother was also a teacher in Ymonville raised her children alone .	teacher
female	2	"Her final teacher , Nazar Hussain , taught her voice modulation and "" raggi "" ( singing using the throat ) ."	teacher
female	3	A former school teacher , Wainaina abandoned her teaching career after growing frustrated with a curriculum that prepared students more for exams than for the realities of life outside the classroom .	teacher
female	1	Her housekeeper found her body and there was no indication of her cause of death .	housekeeper
female	22	"Our Lady of Mercy ECD center produced "" Teacher Makasi "" a film about a child who does not understand why her teacher marks her mathematics wrong when she adds 1 + 1 and gets 11 ."	teacher
female	3	However , the assistant moves her leg and is nicked , so she quits .	assistant
female	2	An unknown nurse ( who was assumed to have been a vampire ) fed her vampire blood while she was in the tuberculosis ward in 1858 .	nurse
female	7	Noticing her interest in nature , her teacher at the International School of Lusaka gave her special attention , inviting her to the school 's zoo club .	teacher
female	17	Chloe had nearly given up on asking her parents about their past when the new social studies teacher at her school , Ms. Su - Hyung Lee ( who is Korean ) , assigns her students to interview someone in their family about an old family story .	teacher
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	7	During her later days there , her assistant answered her phone to England captain Bobby Moore and sold the quotes Moore gave him to a national newspaper .	assistant
female	16	"Anne Frank was selected as one of the "" Heroes & Icons "" , and the writer , Roger Rosenblatt , described her legacy with the comment , "" The passions the book ignites suggest that everyone owns Anne Frank , that she has risen above the Holocaust , Judaism , girlhood and even goodness and become a totemic figure of the modern world — the moral individual mind beset by the machinery of destruction , insisting on the right to live and question and hope for the future of human beings ."	writer
female	9	Nicks was inspired to record the album after her assistant showed her bootlegs on YouTube of the demos Nicks had recorded over the years .	assistant
female	13	Jane remembered writing her first popular story at age 10 , when her teacher liked her composition so much that she sent copies to every classroom at Jane 's school .	teacher
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	23	Despite showing an early interest in music , particularly the piano and composition , she did n't receive any tuition until a school teacher recognized her talent for singing .	teacher
female	5	A painting and home economics teacher , Çetiner started her career in fashion in 1990 and later became the main designer for the 67th Miss Turkey competition , creating 134 outfits for the contestants .	teacher
female	12	"In another interview with "" Ms. "" in August 2011 , the writer of the Feminist Hulk revealed her identity as University of Iowa Ph ."	writer
female	0	Teacher , has taken her class on an excursion in Los Angeles .	teacher
female	1	Her teacher , Marguerite Lacoste , taught her her first notes on the piano .	teacher
female	11	"As of early 2011 , a "" Los Angeles Times "" writer described her look as Anne Hathaway meets Kim Basinger , noting that she was still often confused with fellow Canadian Jessica Paré ."	writer
female	1	The writer earned her law degree from the National University of Tucumán and her PhD in Legal and Social Sciences from the National University of Salta .	writer
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	8	The effect is seen as the Ryans ' housekeeper murders her own daughter in front of a terrified Josh and a mob of parents rushes to Carly 's school to kill their children however they can ; Carly sees one classmate being stabbed by his mother after he scales a fence to reach her .	housekeeper
female	4	"When a former French teacher of her recognized her pictures , he published "" A dix ans sur mon pupitre "" ( "" From my desk , at 10 years old "" ) , a book of 1924 , which describes the 10-year - old pupil Carmen Mondragón within his teacher 's sight ."	teacher
female	1	Her teacher offered her own desk to Giuni to be used as a stage but Giuni was so shy she 'd prefer to perform hiding herself behind the classroom 's door .  	teacher
female	17	It portrays how we take in other people 's desperate love stories as something typical and the writer also wants her readers to realize this .	writer
female	14	Barak approaches and the Wife is worried that dinner is not ready , the Nurse once more uses her magic to have everything ready , including the splitting of Barak 's bed in two .	nurse
female	2	A biracial nurse named Roxy ( Jane Wolff ) swaps her son with her master 's son .	nurse
female	8	She then worked as a high school science teacher post her undergraduate degree .	teacher
female	6	At her new school , her teacher Ms. Ogino assigns her one of two desks that strangely do not get dusted , and that sit on top of letters written on the floor .	teacher
female	5	It symbolizes that the student nurse has satisfactorily completed her training and is now ready to work as a professional nurse .	nurse
female	1	The writer also had several telephone and email conversations with her regarding her biography .	writer
female	3	Cleo 's science teacher , Mr. Perkins ( Alex Désert ) , sees her potential in science and decides she needs a challenge for her class project ; she is to determine a mystery substance and transform it into its crystal state .	teacher
female	12	The birth of her child is stressful and violent , with the nurse repeatedly ignoring her requests to be seen by her personal physician .	nurse
female	1	The writer even tried her skills in opera librettos .	writer
female	7	"In one of the issues , the writer questioned her readers : "" Until when the female sex will be seen plunged into the darkness in which it was locked by the oppressive system of those who denied the simplest knowledges ? """	writer
female	4	"Watson 's Oxford theatre teacher passed her name on to the casting agents of "" Philosopher 's Stone "" , impressed with her school play performances ."	teacher
female	18	"Lourene Altiery , also known as "" Karita "" to her followers , is an Ascended Master Teachings teacher originally from Joliet , Illinois who now resides in Sun Lakes , Arizona – she set up her website in 2001 ."	teacher
female	4	There , her Latin teacher , Irving Kizner , sparked her facility in languages , which would become another lifelong interest .	teacher
female	8	Earlier reports suggested that fashion designer Sabyasachi 's assistant , Divya Menon , would be making her debut as an actress in this film as Rajput 's character 's wife .	assistant
female	3	However , a writer of BBC Online chose her version of the song as a highlight on the album .	writer
female	10	However , her gambit proved foolish , as her old teacher sensed her presence and beat her again with little effort .	teacher
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	13	Celia responds by pricking Stephanie with a noticeboard pin , for which the teacher makes her write lines as punishment .	teacher
female	8	"It is only then that the accomplished thriller writer shows her real hand . """	writer
female	11	One day , while he is out at work , his housekeeper shows her daughter round his house .	housekeeper
female	15	Maeve McCaughan adopted the Irish spelling of her name , Medbh , when her university teacher , Seamus Heaney , wrote her name that way when signing books to her .	teacher
female	18	"When she died at Huntington Hospital , Long Island , on October 28 , 1986 , the obituary writer for the "" New York Times "" gave her married name as "" Gaylord . """	writer
female	8	In 1948 she resigned her position as Rotch librarian to resume her private architectural practice .	librarian
female	5	This symbolizes that the student nurse has satisfactorily completed her training and is now ready to work as a professional nurse .	nurse
female	11	For many months , Monica was bedridden , and innocent student nurse Amy Vining her only companion .	nurse
female	3	Meanwhile , the teacher loses her job .	teacher
female	1	A nurse by profession , Maria spends her nights at Foley 's with Agnes , Winnie , Cathy , and Betty .	nurse
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	6	Ruth finds out that her London accountant has stolen her money , leaving her penniless .	accountant
female	1	Fantasy writer , poet and editor Lin Carter attended her Poetry Workshop while studying at Columbia University .	writer
female	5	"An "" Inside Soap "" writer observed her Lucy 's style upon her 2013 return and concluded that she looked like Pat Butcher ( a character from the British soap opera "" EastEnders "" , played by Pam St. Clement ) ."	writer
female	1	A teacher since 1973 , Atwell started her career in western New York , but found traditional teaching methods constraining .	teacher
female	4	"At school , a teacher brands her hairdo a "" hair - don't "" and sends her to the principal 's office , from which Tracy is sent to special education classes , where she meets several black classmates who have been put there to hold them back academically ."	teacher
female	1	Her teacher , Bill Dick , remained her principal violin teacher until she left Austin at age 17 to begin music conservatory .	teacher
female	20	""" The Australian Town and Country Journal "" went further by stating , "" It seems a pity that a writer with Barbara Baynton 's keen observation , incisive pen , and dramatic sense , should not turn her powers to better account than she has done in "" Bush Studies "" "" , later referring to the stories as "" harrowing "" and "" mercilessly tragic "" ."	writer
female	2	No cookery writer since can claim her blanket influence ...	writer
female	1	The nurse reveals her name as Diana Prince , and thus , Wonder Woman 's secret identity was created , and she began working as a nurse in the army .	nurse
female	15	In 1955 , she was enrolled into a rehabilitation center 's elementary school where a teacher recognized her talent with words and recommended that she become a writer .	teacher
female	6	On three evenings a week a teacher from Dundee Technical College ( now Abertay University ) taught her maths and engineering .	teacher
female	8	Meanwhile , Kelly remembers how the school guidance counselor only signed her application to Stanford on the terms that Kelly would honor her pact with Annie and Marisa after Annie wrote about their friendship for her personal essay .	counselor
female	16	"Caroline Knapp ( November 8 , 1959 – June 3/4 , 2002 ) was an American writer and columnist whose candid best - selling memoir "" "" recounted her 20-year battle with alcoholism ."	writer
female	2	Terry 's assistant , nurse Bracken , supports her superior 's stand .	assistant
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	8	Meghana 's portrayal of Anjali , a home nurse in the film won her very good reviews .	nurse
female	9	"In 2013 a "" New York Times "" music writer compared her vocal style to that of Billie Holiday , Ella Fitzgerald , and Edith Piaf ."	writer
female	8	"It was also at this time that the writer chose her pseudonym , a name that reflected a desire to project her pre - conversion Hindu identity and her desire to reflect the hopes and aspirations of both the Hindu and Catholic communities of Goa ( as in the short stories of "" Monção "" where both communities share space in the same collection ) ."	writer
female	1	"A teacher at the school overhears her singing "" Je Crois Entendre Encore "" in Yiddish , and teaches her to sing and speak in English ."	teacher
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	2	The elderly nurse delivered her message and died on the return journey .	nurse
female	0	Teacher explains her transformation from fish to mermaid , and describes the power of starstuff to fulfill dreams .	teacher
female	2	The French teacher quickly recognized her talent and she continued her training until she was 15 .	teacher
female	1	"A writer for "" The Daily Telegraph "" commends her willingness to appear in different genres , ranging from action comedies to dramas ."	writer
female	21	""" Producing text within a discourse community , "" according to Patricia Bizzell , "" can not take place unless the writer can define her goals in terms of the community 's interpretive conventions . """	writer
female	5	"The song 's co - writer , Sharon Anderson , recorded her own version of the song , as "" Gimme a Ring"	writer
female	4	In 2014 , a librarian at the southern California campus of Everest College quit her position when she learned a student she was assisting could only read at the third - grade level , may have a developmental disability , and was unlikely to find work in his chosen field .	librarian
female	1	A teacher by profession , she has spent most her adult life as a career politician .	teacher
female	14	Bush was a heavy smoker for 25 years , quitting in 1968 when a nurse condemned her smoking in her hospital room after surgery .	nurse
female	2	One school teacher reportedly got her students to draw pictures of their experience .	teacher
female	2	"When a teacher at Bruce 's school told her classmates "" not to talk to coloured people "" , it was Joseph 's complaints which resulted in the teacher being dismissed ."	teacher
female	11	When open casting for the film began , her former drama teacher shared the news with her , and she auditioned for a role in the film .	teacher
female	4	Eventually , her music teacher at the Wüllenweber - Gymnasium in Bergneustadt , August Wilhelm Welp , noticed her considerable talent and recommended that she be professionally educated in singing .	teacher
female	13	It marked the first time a well - known African - American woman writer had expanded her life story into a third autobiography .	writer
female	13	While giving a TED Talk , she noted how her high school math teacher , Mrs. Bean , changed her life .	teacher
female	1	"A writer of BBC Online described her rendition as "" moving "" ."	writer
female	1	"A writer from "" People "" magazine described her performance as "" rousing "" ."	writer
female	1	"Her teacher , Rudolf Breithaupt , had a special affinity towards her and wrote a personal note to her over his photograph on May 12 , 1919 """	teacher
female	1	"A teacher warned her mother that "" either she will one day write fiction or she is one of those natural liars to whom truth is unattractive . """	teacher
female	6	She describes how a trusted Talmud teacher misled her son Joseph at the age of fourteen .	teacher
female	48	"Besides her "" Mémoires "" Mme de Staal left two excellent short comedies , performed at the court of Sceaux , and some letters , the answers to which are in some cases extant , and show , as well as the references of contemporaries , that the writer did not exaggerate her own charm ."	writer
female	13	Scully does n't say otherwise and later she says to Agent Mulder the writer told her her life story .	writer
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	31	The story has a shades - of - grey resolution about the way a person 's life can tragically stop short – and this is echoed in the subtle way the writer ends her own play too .	writer
female	14	"The principal female figure to the left of the frame , a milliner 's assistant or "" modiste "" modelled by Renoir 's lover and frequent subject Suzanne Valadon , holds up her skirt against the mud and water on the road as she carries a hatbox , but has no hat , raincoat or umbrella ."	assistant
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	1	A baker called Dalmer had bought out her business and made it highly successful after he composed a special song for the vendors , who sold the buns from mobile ovens .	baker
female	2	Christine 's assistant , Rodney , has an unpleasant conversation with her and then receives an unexpected visit from an old friend .	assistant
female	27	"The critic compared the language to Robert Musil , and wrote : "" It is astonishing , it is admirable , how the only 30-year - old writer , with a well - trained language for all horses and a highly educated ingenuity , races her story through more than 500 pages across the finish line , a story , which could n't have been more uneasy ."	writer
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	5	One day , a music teacher discovers her gift for singing and encourages Paula to audition for the prestigious Maîtrise de Radio France music college in Paris , which will secure her a good career and a college degree .	teacher
female	4	The then - science writer turned her reporting focus to social trends , electoral politics , and foreign policy when she joined ProPublica for an internship , which also initiated her lasting ProPublica career that allows her to shift gears between a data journalist , a news app developer , and a designer .	writer
female	2	When the writer and former suffragette Eunice Murray made her impassioned plea for Scottish folk museums , it was in the wake of the Second World War .	writer
female	2	Her music teacher recognised her talent at the age of six , and became her guardian .	teacher
female	34	Over the ensuing weeks , Charles seems to be going from bad to worse until one day at the beginning of the week Laurie tells his parents that Charles behaved himself and that the teacher made him her helper .	teacher
female	16	When Cullen took a job at Sacred Heart Hospital in Allentown in June 2001 , a nurse who had heard rumors about him at Easton Hospital advised her co - workers .	nurse
female	2	An Irish nurse frequently took care of her when she was a baby ; her parents then had to learn to speak English to get her to smile .	nurse
female	23	"Webster reported that she was "" a shark in English "" but her spelling was reportedly quite eccentric , and when a horrified teacher asked her authority for a spelling error , she replied "" Webster "" , a play on the name of the dictionary of the same name ."	teacher
female	38	"Determined since childhood , "" by other accounts , "" to become an opera singer , "" she sang in school choirs and New York 's All City High School Chorus ; when she was sixteen , a teacher heard her voice in the chorus and took time "" to find out who the voice belonged to ... and got me to the Juilliard Preparatory School and my first voice teacher . """	teacher
female	16	"However , when his mother , Maximina Pove , was in the first grade , her teacher changed her last name , changing the "" v "" to a "" w "" and adding an "" r "" at the end ."	teacher
female	7	When Leroy was eleven , her music teacher noticed her musical talents and encouraged her to learn the violin .	teacher
female	1	A teacher , she maintained her career as a cover and once had to escape from the Gestapo who had been waiting for her at the school gates .	teacher
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	3	It states her housekeeper discovered her body and called Bo Roos , Vélez 's business manager , who called his friend and Beverly Hills Police Chief Anderson to the scene .	housekeeper
female	5	While attending , an elocution teacher spotted her potential and encouraged her to pursue a career in acting .	teacher
female	2	Another female writer , Helen McInerney , had previously documented her experience in 2010 on what it was like to be a woman fighting against one of Brophy 's female boxers .	writer
female	1	"Another writer sees her aged parents and is bewildered : they refuse to follow her advice , they are obsessed with the past , they avoid risk , they live at a "" glacial pace "" ."	writer
female	13	Adding to Molly 's misfortune , she finds out that her father 's accountant embezzled her money , so she is left penniless and homeless .	accountant
female	48	"Charles Hutchinson of the "" Yorkshire Evening Press "" also gave praise for her performance , noting that until now her career had consisted mostly of child and teenage roles ( "" GamePlan "" included ) , and writing "" ... it is like that moment when the librarian takes off her glasses "" ."	librarian
female	1	the writer began her second major work .	writer
female	2	An art teacher spotted her talent for entertaining others and arranged for her to take part in a weekly amateur drama group after school each Monday .	teacher
female	4	Her high school mathematics teacher , Mr. Frank Holley , further cultivated her interest .	teacher
female	18	The tearaway teen , played by Helen Flanagan , is out on a date when the ex - teacher forces her home .	teacher
female	4	For example , an accountant could call her direct branch manager , but will still use to address the company 's CEO .	accountant
female	1	"The nurse dubs her own son "" Captain Jack "" to differentiate him from the two other Jacks under her care , and provides the protagonist with the name "" Colonel Jack "" ; the other she calls "" Major Jack "" ."	nurse
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	14	Pilbeam again became a national topic of conversation when a 19-year - old librarian assistant employed by Rockhampton City Council had her employment terminated in August 1977 because she got married .	assistant
female	3	"A fellow progressive writer of India , Amrita Pritam had compiled a book about her in the Hindi language titled "" Doosre Aadam Ki Beti "" and also called her "" Suchi Dhee Punjab Di "" ( True daughter of the Punjab ) for her battles which she fought , while facing betrayals but never surrendered ."	writer
female	13	May Scripture filed for separation from her husband , alleging that his laboratory assistant , Ethel King , had enticed her husband into a relationship .	assistant
female	11	"— instead as her first single , while Donna Fargo the writer of "" The Happiest Girl in the Whole USA "" released her own version as a single ."	writer
female	2	Her art teacher , Gyuláné Békési at the Gyöngyösi Elementary School , spotted her talent and started to work with her towards becoming a professional painter .	teacher
female	2	The Venezuelan writer and diplomat who worked under the name Lucila Palacios took her nom de plume in honour of Mistral 's original name .	writer
female	4	A high school health teacher in Oakland County 's Novi Community Schools , Madafferi began her involvement with her local association as co - chair of the Political Action Committee , later assuming other leadership roles including president , treasurer and negotiation spokesperson .	teacher
female	21	"Not impressed by Steve 's treatment of Fiona , Arnold joked that "" it 's a wonder the street 's top hairdresser did n't take her scissors to him . """	hairdresser
female	1	The teacher , Gillian Gibbons , allowed her class to name a teddy bear Muhammad .	teacher
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	3	Later her Math teacher takes advantage of her and harasses her sexually .	teacher
female	1	"A writer from Holy Soap described her most memorable moment as "" finally breaking out of her tough grandfather 's shadow and becoming a Summer Bay woman . """	writer
female	1	The hairdresser has her problems and she was extracting money very often from the camera assistant .	hairdresser
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	7	At the end of 1999 , her teacher discovered her talent so he introduced her to many coffee shops for students located on Cau Giay street .	teacher
female	10	Pascual was doing ballet when at age seven her ballet teacher told her mother that her daughter had excellent qualities for Rhythmic Gymnastics .	teacher
female	6	In high school , an art teacher submitted her work to a competition and she won a National Scholastic Scholarship .	teacher
female	12	Subsequent shows were in New York and in Japan , where a writer for Tokyo Shimbun compared her work to Japanese sumi painting .	writer
female	3	Von Bork 's housekeeper has turned her light off and retired .	housekeeper
female	1	"A writer of Digital Spy criticized her decision to replace "" Halo "" with "" Heaven "" as the closing song , noting that "" it [ is ] a bit of a downer to end things on "" ."	writer
female	1	A writer of the website American Top 40 compared her vocal styling to that of Dawn Richard .	writer
female	9	When applying for the student concessionary pass , her teacher misplaces her student handbook , which contains treasured items such as a cherry blossom petal Sawako picked up on the day she first met Kazehaya , causing her grief .	teacher
female	1	The writer has an enormous gift – her ability to take a detached , “ bird ’s eye ” view , not only of others and of sensitive situations in general , but above all of herself .	writer
female	16	The Victim received medical attention at the local Women and Children 's Hospital , where the nurse equated her injures to that of child birth .	nurse
female	10	"In "" Nepotism "" , when the terrible new office assistant Luke is using her computer , she tells him to scram and calls him a twerp ."	assistant
female	15	In Germany , she closes Don Mueller 's account from Berliner Bank , but the cashier only hands her only 750 DM .	cashier
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	4	June , a former nurse in the recently ended First World War , uses her intellect , training , and bravery to investigate crimes .	nurse
female	6	But after a Marshall Field 's clerk shared her lunch ( a chicken pot pie ) with a tired shopper , Field 's hit on the idea of opening a department store tea room , so that women shoppers would not feel the need to make two trips to complete their shopping .	clerk
female	1	Her teacher , Victor Torres Lizardi , a painter from Caguas , taught her pen and ink along with watercolors .	teacher
female	17	writer Katrin Büchenbacher said in 2017 that she was captivated by the app after watching a female teacher give her encouragement while she was doing squats and jumping jacks .	teacher
female	7	Brooks remembered that her fifth - grade teacher told her mother that Brooks was mentally retarded .	teacher
female	2	Her chess teacher recognized her talent and suggested to her parents that they might consider chess as a profession for their daughter .	teacher
female	11	Ashley is committed to a mental institution ; but a former teacher brings her more of the glowing rock .	teacher
female	12	Thomas began piano lessons at the age of 4 , and her teacher would oftentimes assign her small composition projects on the side ; Thomas has stated that these small projects sparked her interest in composing her own music .	teacher
female	1	The teacher greets her class and announces some very important news .	teacher
female	12	The bed was made of Phoenix feathers and floated , but the nurse put her own daughter in the princess 's place .	nurse
female	1	The nurse gives Lucille her medicine but , Lucille sees Antonio once again and tries to convince her not to take the medicine .	nurse
female	18	"Lucy enters the competition , but at the presentation , she reads from the constitution , which the librarian ( Kate Harcourt ) helped her find , that "" uniforms are henceforth forever banned at Hill High . """	librarian
female	4	( This then - assistant to Bishop 's family eventually reported her 1985 abuse by him to her local lay pastor in 2010 . )	assistant
female	10	Prior was inspired to work in medicine after a public nurse visited her school to administer vaccinations .	nurse
female	2	A school teacher sacrifices her love for the sake of her friend .	teacher
female	8	A lonely , middle - aged department store clerk finds her life consumed with a burgeoning relationship with her new podiatrist , a decidedly kinky fellow whose all - consuming foot fetish prompts him to pay her to model a variety of shoes while also indulging in other activities .	clerk
female	1	A teacher sexually obsessed with the high school student with whom she 's having an illicit affair gradually loses her bearings in an evocative but ultimately hollow indie drama .	teacher
female	11	"The language barrier was so severe , that Fariña 's "" teacher marked her absent every day for six weeks because Carmen then surnamed Guillén , did not answer when the teacher , who was of Irish background , called "" Quillan "" during roll call . """	teacher
female	1	"A writer for the "" Daily Mirror "" also criticised her appearance : "" Her frocks and matching Alice bands could have been stitched together out of Nigel Bates 's old ties and if I was actress Cheryl Fergison"	writer
female	6	At this Revision Meeting , each writer reads her own scene out loud and other participants have an opportunity to suggest improvements , which are integrated or not by agreement .	writer
female	21	Edie , like Piper , takes an interest in art and became Piper 's school art teacher after the original art teacher quit her job after giving birth so she could take care of the baby .	teacher
female	19	She was allowed to play the drum kit and other instruments such as the bassoon in school because her teacher recognized her superior musical abilities .	teacher
female	4	A retired special education teacher , Bakke earned her bachelor of science and master of education at the University of North Dakota .	teacher
female	1	"A writer , filmmaker , and performance artist based in Vancouver , British Columbia , Dawn published her debut novel "" Sub Rosa "" in 2010 ."	writer
female	3	"The song 's writer recorded her own version on the B - side to the hit single "" No , Honestly "" a few months later , as a lighter bongo driven song ."	writer
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	3	A prolific Chinese writer , Wu Sijing , held her 17-table wedding banquet there in 1952 , and was photographed in a white bridal dress , with her husband in a white suit and bowtie .	writer
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	36	"The staff is unenthused and reacts by mocking "" Rex Manning Day , "" and ultimately many of the fans showing up to meet him are either older women or gay men ; even Rex 's assistant Jane reveals her distaste for Rex 's music ."	assistant
female	26	"When "" Kiki "" started school , Celia discovered that her daughter 's class had several other girls named Joan , so Celia suggested that the teacher call her daughter "" Ruth "" to avoid confusion ."	teacher
female	9	"In "" Ludvigsbakke "" ( 1896 ) a young nurse squanders her love on a spineless childhood friend , who eventually deserts her , in order to save his estate by marrying a rich heiress ."	nurse
female	1	The assistant holds her body rigidly horizontal and the small of her back rests on the tip of the sword .	assistant
female	2	"Arding the assistant sold her one - ounce avoirdupois of arsenic in powder form , in a "" peculiar shaped packet , labelled "" poison "" in black letters upon a red ground , so that it could not easily be mistaken "" ."	assistant
female	19	"On 9 January she was baptized in the "" Big Chapel , "" a Catholic church , where the clerk misspelled her name as "" Cavanah . """	clerk
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	6	Amid the panic , Estrella ’s teacher hands her three pieces of chalk she says will grant three wishes .	teacher
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	7	Eventually , they find out that the nurse in charge of the facility , Nurse Bates , murdered her sister and nephew in the facility and covered it up as a murder / suicide .	nurse
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	1	The housekeeper of times past had her room ( or rooms ) cleaned by junior staff , her meals prepared and laundry taken care of , and with the butler presided over dinner in the Servants ' Hall .	housekeeper
female	15	Later in their marriage , when his wife 's firm required that a certified public accountant do her taxes , he found an accountant for her .	accountant
female	1	A teacher of hers detected her aptitude for Track and Field and directed her towards athletics .	teacher
female	5	Through an intermediary , the nurse ( Nguyen van Thom ) asked her family for her hand in marriage .	nurse
female	6	The Scotts ' high school drama teacher used her connections to get them small TV roles , including in a Molson Canadian commercial that aired during the Grey Cup .	teacher
female	6	Later Mulder visits Scully while another nurse takes her blood .	nurse
female	6	Aretha Franklin used to have her assistant bring her Lem 's food when she was in Chicago .	assistant
female	2	A sympathetic nurse , Nurse Ramirez , tells Mia — her physical body , not Mia 's spirit , which apparently she can not see either — that it is up to her whether or not she wants to stay .	nurse
female	19	"Of "" Sapphire "" , the "" New York Post "" wrote in 1959 , "" Perhaps the screenplay writer , one Janet Green , deserves her own special notice for a picture that is so special . """	writer
female	14	She has said that her St. Stephen 's Episcopal School 's high school physics teacher , Frank Mikan , encouraged her love of space science .	teacher
female	9	The fact that she was a nineteenth century female writer emphasises her status as a woman of privilege .	writer
female	1	A clerk in a convenience store who was a resident of Point Pleasant Beach , New Jersey , Adams increased her weekly lottery spending from $ 25 to $ 100 per week over several years before she won two different multi - million jackpots in the span of four months – one for $ 3.9 million in October 1985 and the other for $ 1.4 million in February 1986 , making her the first person in the history of the New Jersey Lottery to win multiple million - dollar jackpot prizes .	clerk
female	5	This addiction ended when her teacher notified her parents , and she was sent to therapy .	teacher
female	49	"She pursued a professional career despite encountering instances of racial discrimination : aged eight , she was told that she could n't perform as Marie in "" The Nutcracker "" because "" America 's not ready for a black girl ballerina "" , and a year later , a teacher told her mother that black dancers were n't worth investing money in ."	teacher
female	24	"An "" Inside Soap "" columnist thought the development could be the end to any potential relationship between Raf and Cara , unless the nurse changed her mind later on ."	nurse
female	9	To better integrate with the community , a private teacher visited her home every day to teach her both oral and written Chinese .	teacher
female	28	"In the pageant 's tenth scene , "" American and Plymouth Today "" , the Diamond Jubilee Queen , Catherine Oldfield ( in later years a Plymouth school teacher known as Catherine Bogdon ) , delivered her address of welcome "" attended by boys and girls , young men and women of Plymouth and vicinity ."	teacher
female	2	"A true nurse never abandons her patients "" , he told her ."	nurse
female	1	The nurse then validates her inferences by checking with the client for accuracy .	nurse
female	12	Across town , Audrey is at the video rental store when the clerk , Myrtle , touches her hand in a certain way that surprises Audrey .	clerk
female	1	Another writer sees her attitudes to the indigenous population as complex , with an underlying belief in courtesy and humanitarian values .	writer
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	3	Her grade school teacher encouraged her early development by volunteering to pay for her first drum .	teacher
female	36	"But the boxing story works , told to us by a femme fatale for whom we can feel much sympathy . "" , "" uneven but arresting "" and "" Readable and intelligent , though this writer of promise and ferocious energy needs to scrutinize her subject matter a little more deeply . """	writer
female	16	"Years later , the little boy moves towns and attends a different school , a new teacher encourages her students to use all sorts of colors , only to find the student only coloring his flowers red and green ; when the new teacher asks the boy why , he meekly responds by quoting his previous teacher—""flowers are red , and green leaves are green . """	teacher
female	1	The writer also enjoyed her role in following episodes , most notably the finale .	writer
female	13	Born and raised in Osaka , Hayashi became a performer after her piano teacher sent a tape of her singing to a music producer .	teacher
female	10	She begins to cry , but is pacified when the nurse produces her breast and the child is able to feed from the nurse who has a 2 month old baby at home whom she breasts feeds .	nurse
female	4	"In 2009 , a writer for the "" St. Joseph News - Press "" described her music as "" evolving from a stereotypical emotive folksy singer - songwriter into an artist who dabbles in crafting melodic pop mixed with touches of alt - country , rock and jazz . """	writer
female	3	The high school teacher always used her essay as a model essay in her class .	teacher
female	11	After her 1909 return to Nobby she worked as a bush nurse reaching her patients on foot and often by horseback .	nurse
female	1	A teacher at a private school in New Hampshire , Cross has retained her virginity due to a vaguely defined , but powerful , sense that she is destined for something described by the novel 's author as dark and unique .	teacher
female	2	Her Piano teacher , Alexander Libermann , had a great deal of influence on her pursuing the piano .	teacher
female	1	The nurse prescribed a medicine for her to take before having sex but she did n't buy it .	nurse
female	5	Among them , only one teacher could conduct the intervention during her lessons , and she was teaching in two classes , i.e. , the two classes included in the experimental group .	teacher
female	2	The primary nurse responded with a lower tone /okay↓/ ( line 28 ) , and then she stated that she needed to assess the vital signs , a procedure that had been started at the beginning of the scenario .	nurse
female	20	6 , 7 There have been no recent MERS-CoV cases reported in the Philippines ; it was assumed that the nurse had contracted the infection from one of the patients she attended to during her shifts between August 30th and September 1st .	nurse
female	25	Following a brief interjection from the patient 's relative , which should have alerted the nurses to the patient 's deteriorating status , the primary nurse declared to the team that she would call the pharmacy ( line 58 ) .	nurse
female	6	Over time , a car rental clerk at the location she rented from weekly , began making comments to her about her appearance each time she checked-in or returned a car .	clerk
female	1	This nurse also told me about the situation she witnessed when a person with communication difficulties arrived at her centre , showing a crumpled piece of paper which read : ' ' I need to see my nurse , Julia , because I have to consult her .	nurse
female	2	The virtual assistant is constantly helping Eva in case she needs any information , translation , phone calls or tasks accomplished .	assistant
female	1	A nurse in a lift asked why she was not taking the stairs and that she was spreading the virus to others by taking the lift .	nurse
female	1	A nurse who was observed administering medications with only one gloved hand explained that she was ' saving gloves ' , as gloves were scarce on the ward ( Observation#24TH ) .	nurse
female	3	One time the nurse came in to tell me she was calling my mother back and what would I like to tell her .	nurse
female	12	Although there were several opportunities for teaching mathematics in FCs , our teacher stated that she would not consider teaching mathematics in FCs in the future because of the difficulties mentioned above .	teacher
female	3	Career Confidential : Teacher feels guilty that she does n’t want to return to brick-and-mortar teaching	teacher
female	21	"He or she sealed each layer of the yellow bags separately and labeled them with "" COVID-19 . "" The supply nurse sprayed the outside of the bags with 1,000 mg/L chlorine solution and notified recipients that they would be receiving COVID-19 medical waste ."	nurse
female	13	After admission to a hospital with a confirmed diagnosis of SARS , another nurse indicated how discouraged she was by the public response to her illness ( Talaga et al. , April 8 , 2003 ) .	nurse
female	1	One nurse mentioned that she tried to hand warm towels to the patients instead of cold wet wipes after meals based on their preferences .	nurse
female	1	"One teacher described how PAAC 's "" Jump and Spell "" activity was so straightforward that she did not need to reference the instructions ."	teacher
female	8	( POL , 2020 ) a retired home-care nurse ( . . . ) said she would welcome an app to help spread word of possible exposure .	nurse
female	3	While the above nurse felt she could confide in management , an allied health worker indicated she drew on support from her colleague :	nurse
female	1	"A nurse said she took short vacations when work-related stress became intolerable : A : "" I go away when it gets too much , I 'm off somewhere , I 'm just like itching , I need to get away ."	nurse
female	1	"A nurse indicated that she took leave for vacations and drew upon support by calling and speaking with friends and coworkers so that they did not feel isolated in their situations in which she would "" vent "" to upper management to cope with the stress ."	nurse
female	3	The infected nurse assistant did not complain of any symptoms and said that she had been wearing a mask and surgical gloves during patient care .	assistant
female	2	The primary nurse stated that she wanted to check the patient 's pulse ( line 75 ) , rather than performing the action itself .	nurse
female	59	"Another participant stated , "" Without networks of people to call upon in each sub-topic , it was difficult to identify opportunities in which students could speak to a person from another culture or region of the world . "" A charter school teacher shared that his school had lists of expert speakers ( called Nespris ) and a teacher from a culturally diverse school described how she had observed a teacher leveraging cultural and content expertise through her students ' networks ."	teacher
female	10	For example , in her final project , an elementary teacher explained how she infused global learning with a webquest , a pedagogy that she had desired to bring into her practice :	teacher
female	4	Shortly thereafter , the clerk began calling and texting her , asking why she canceled and when she would be coming back .	clerk
female	1	One nurse reported that she was able to keep going by constantly reminding herself , “ I ’m doing the best that I can with what I have , and that ’s all I can do . ”	nurse
female	1	"One nurse reported that she felt "" overworked between career job and motherhood ."	nurse
female	1	The teacher thinks she will definitely utilize these resources in the future teaching , too .	teacher
female	3	One emergency room nurse stated that for the first time she knew first hand the fear of patients and their families .	nurse
female	1	One nurse who worked in the acute care section of a Toronto hospital noted that not only was she terrified to attend work , but that this sense of trepidation even entered into her dreams : ' ' I dream of disembodied mouths gasping for air and wake struggling to catch my own breath . . . ' ' ( RNAO , 2003 : p. 17 ) .	nurse
female	10	Following the feedback and reflective session , a participant ( nurse ) acknowledged her lapse in protocol and said that she would wear a surgical mask over her face cover in the future .	nurse
female	1	One teacher said she considered this activity the most important health and safety issue .	teacher
female	1	Another teacher remarked that she did activities on dental health on a daily basis because she considered it very important .	teacher
female	1	A teacher noted that in order for the children to understand and see the impact of tooth decay first hand , she had pictures of decayed teeth and healthy teeth and used those pictures to let the children know what can happen to their teeth if they did not brush their teeth well and/or regularly .	teacher
female	1	Another teacher indicated that she actually demonstrated the proper way of covering the mouth with one 's palm with a tissue for the children in order to enable them learn by example .	teacher
female	1	"One nurse noted that she likes parents to learn the signals , she related an experience of a baby "" kicking out , "" "" they 're looking for a boundary , so why do n't you tuck their legs back in so they can feel where they are in space , give them a head cup , help bring their hands to their face ."	nurse
female	4	For example , a nurse expressed that she was not very confident about the effectiveness of PPE in protecting her from the Ebola virus :	nurse
female	4	"One middle school studies teacher explained that she commented "" to challenge ideas mostly , "" but such a motive was absent from the other responses ."	teacher
female	12	"More representative was a comment from a different middle school social studies teacher who wrote that she commented "" to agree or respond to questions … never to debate . "" Two codes comprised the building relationships or community category , and 58.5 % of the responses received one or more of those codes ."	teacher
female	4	"For example , one teacher wrote that she comments "" [e]ither because I 'm in a comment pod with other educators to boost engagement or posts or mainly because I connect with the content . """	teacher
female	1	A teacher explains how she worked with video recordings with colleagues before trying them out with students :	teacher
female	1	One teacher chose Native American culture because she had a personal relationship that served as a resource for the transactional experience factor of her lesson .	teacher
female	6	In a nearby hospital , a nurse in the emergency department thinks of asking for a long-term leave because she wants to be absent when an outbreak emerges ; she is thinking of her family and feels she is unqualified to deal with , and not secured against , morbid infection .	nurse
female	7	Calderdale and Huddersfield NHS Foundation Trust emergency nurse Deb Lau works for Merlin and here she describes what happened when she travelled to Haiti to help provide medical relief .	nurse
female	2	The asthma nurse was more efficient at recording smoking status , but she only saw 17.7 % of the children .	nurse
female	9	Initial health screening can also be done by a nurse with community-nursing experience but she will require additional training in the techniques of social assessment .	nurse
female	6	To choose NANDA and NIC the nurse can use a search engine , or she can choose a relevant Care plan guideline and pick the suggested diagnoses and interventions from there .	nurse
female	2	When a nurse writes a note for a patient she will always be presented the Care plan and she can easy evaluate and update the Care plan .	nurse
female	7	After being confronted and counseled , the nurse began treatment , and after 6 months , she was able to resume work at the hospital .	nurse
female	1	The nurse does n't think it is right to give preferential treatment , but the other patients back away and she defers to the son 's demands .	nurse
female	21	Patients regard the work of the nutritional and healthcare assistant as very important for their recovery and weight gain : the assistant takes care of the individual patient 's nutritional requirements and wishes , and she imparts knowledge to the patient about optimum nutrition .	assistant
female	4	Not only should the nurse be a critical consumer of the research investigating these protocols , but she must also use unique nursing skills to assist the patient while undergoing the therapy .	nurse
female	11	It was found that in nearly half of the attendances the nurse was the person of primary contact for the health care team and that she dealt with three quarters of these cases without referral to a doctor .	nurse
female	3	Here , one nurse describes the damage done by her unrecognised depression , and how she is coping now .	nurse
female	3	The same main teacher of the two classes did not participate in the trainings but she completed questionnaires aimed at giving comprehensive pre-post training evaluations of behavior , social , emotion , and attention regulation skills in the children .	teacher
female	2	A beloved teacher and mentor , she developed the psychological assessment practicum for graduate students at UCLA and taught the course for many years .	teacher
female	15	A 1991 Washington State Supreme Court decision revisited the issue of job protection for a nurse who criticizes her employer for a treatment policy or practice that , while apparently legal , she believes to be unethical .	nurse
female	20	' I 'd rather have three hours on a beach in Barbados than a week in Wolverhampton , ' says nurse Andrea Brown , comparing her previous life in the English midlands to the dream she lives today .	nurse
female	8	Compared to dietary intake on a day the nurse worked the day shift , intake of the following nutrients increased significantly on the day she worked the night shift : energy ; protein ; carbohydrates ; total fat ; saturated fat ; and calcium .	nurse
female	25	Evaluation of the 18 month project showed that an average of 72 patient visits per month with charges of $ 482 were provided by this nurse at the same time that she was undertaking many improvements in the residency clinic 's patient education system .	nurse
female	7	It also tells the story of one nurse who went on a volunteer mission to treat obstetric fistulae in Niger , where she met a courtyard full of women she will never forget .	nurse
female	8	Individualized counseling could be offered to the new nurse who is seeking first employment or who is unsure of the area of nursing she wishes to work .	nurse
female	5	In this article , guest writer Ruth Jenkins from Berkshire Heathcare Foundation Trust reflects on two conferences she attended in 2014 , LILAC and SLA .	writer
female	52	In order to facilitate patient interaction , a supportive approach was generated and described by Van Wyk ( 1995 : 99 - 116 ) whereby the advanced psychiatric nurse ( a person with a masters degree or an advanced diploma in psychiatric nursing ) , creates a context where the psychiatric community nurse can sacrifice her objective observing position for an observed position where she forms part of the story of interaction between herself and the psychiatric patient .	nurse
female	1	Emergency nurse Katie Detheridge has spoken out about the long lasting effects of an unprovoked attack by a man she was treating in A&E.	nurse
female	4	An experienced mental health nurse reflects on her practice and the wider context within which she works , including the social issues now causing more stress and anxiety for people .	nurse
female	1	A nurse who was moved from casualty to a theatre recovery ward because she refused to wear a cap has claimed sex discrimination at an industrial tribunal .	nurse
female	10	The class was divided into two teams , and the teacher indicated she would place a check on the board after every rule violation .	teacher
female	1	A nurse explained what she would see and accompanied her to the bedside .	nurse
female	1	The nurse told my 85-year-old mother she was obnoxious .	nurse
female	2	When paediatric nurse Jennifer Sims decided in 2015 that she wanted to take on a new career challenge overseas , she got more than she bargained for .	nurse
female	2	A head nurse , functioning as a resource person , recently told the members of the Nursing Curriculum Committee she wished she had had such a course seven years ago when she was a senior in the program ( S. Collier , personal communication , October 1987 ) .	nurse
female	1	A nurse describes how she and her colleagues overcame their fears surrounding a change in practice .	nurse
female	7	In a sample narrative , a student nurse explained how she reflected on her actions and decisions made when she shielded a patient who was in a difficult situation .	nurse
female	3	The responsible assistant nurse explained that she had administered liquid nutrition ( Isosource Energy Fibre 500 ml ) via perfusion pump into the Hickman catheter , insisting that the Hickman catheter was a percutaneous endoscopic gastric tube .	nurse
female	2	The community nurse can many help but she has a lot of other tasks .	nurse
female	28	"Dialogue was identical in all surveys , except for a final response to the question : "" What would you do if you were me ? "" The counselor either revealed what she would do ( Personal Disclosure ) , what other patients have done ( Professional Disclosure ) , or deflected the question ( No Disclosure ) ."	counselor
female	1	Practice nurse Kathryn Gedman explains how she set up a shingles vaccine clinic .	nurse
female	6	On reflection , the stoma care nurse felt she did not have sufficient time preoperatively with the patient , which prevented her from being able to change the course of action .	nurse
female	1	Renal nurse who died doing what she loved Rosemary ( Bud ) Downey , known professionally as sister Rosie Ratcliffe , has died aged 67 at Hull Royal Infirmary following a stroke while on duty in the haemodialysis unit .	nurse
female	16	The likely source of infection was identified during a training course 6 months later : a nurse reported that , when collecting blood , she placed patients ' fingers directly on the blood glucose meter , a practice she had learned from a poster advertising the device .	nurse
female	1	A nurse who claimed she seriously injured her back while giving a lecture called ' Look after yourself has lost her High Court claim for compensation .	nurse
female	1	Emergency nurse Melanie Hando always thought that she made a difference to patients ' lives .	nurse
female	1	A nurse who claims she suffered injury as a result of chemical exposure at Basildon and Orsett Hospitals in Essex is suing for compensation .	nurse
female	8	The Royal Air Force has sacked an enrolled nurse after a colleague revealed she was a lesbian .	nurse
female	3	England 's chief nurse Jane Cummings has written to directors of nursing to address what she describes as ' misconceptions ' about news that the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence is shelving its programme of work on safe nurse staffing guidelines .	nurse
female	9	For half the participants , the video showed the counselor disclosing that she had a family medical history similar to the patient ( direct personal disclosure ) .	counselor
female	1	But nurse Amanda Pinkney says she tried to complain about him eight years earlier .	nurse
female	5	Specifically , Susie 's classroom teacher has communicated that she is having difficulty maintaining attention , is easily distracted , and is missing several homework assignments .	teacher
female	2	Your triage nurse tells you that she has a fever and was found to have profound anemia while at the WIC ( Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women , Infants , and Children ) office earlier today .	nurse
female	4	""" A home care nurse explains how she developed a simple medication coding method to ensure an elderly patient 's independence -- and health ."	nurse
female	57	Five categories emerged : 1 ) Concept : integration and involvement of a team with collective contributions and shared objectives , 2 ) importance : it increases patient safety , improves professional satisfaction and quality of care , 3 ) factors : the absence of culture organisations make collaborative practice difficult , 4 ) role : the nurse perceived that she plays a passive role ( listener ) during the clinical rounds and the physician an active role ( communicator ) and , 5 ) improvement strategies : to establish a schedule and balance interprofessional tasks .	nurse
female	8	Here , Helen Russell , a registered veterinary nurse and co-joint venture partner ( JVP ) of Vets4Pets Byfleet , describes what she did over the course of one week recently .	nurse
female	1	Each nurse has the potential to grow professionally , provided she receives the necessary accompaniment and support in her working situation .	nurse
female	4	Traditional views of the nurse see ' her ' in a nurse 's uniform , whether she be a ' sex symbol ' , ' angel of mercy ' or ' battle axe ' .	nurse
female	6	In this work organization , the nurse was able to control the medication administration process at a high level , because she understood the highest level of strategic control of the medication ordering carried out by the physician .	nurse
female	9	As a member of the health team , the nurse makes the most input during this phase because she is the one who is in constant contact with the patient and his family .	nurse
female	8	When the clinic day finally comes , the nurse does not show up because her own children need food and she prefers to earn ready cash by selling crafts in the market rather than work at the clinic for barely subsistence pay .	nurse
female	3	The psychiatric community nurse takes on the role of an expert in her interaction with the psychiatric patient and others because she feels unprepared to manage therapeutic interaction .	nurse
female	1	The nurse acquiesce to the patient 's wishes and she is moved manually by four members of staff .	nurse
female	1	The teacher instructed her to go on to school , but she went to service because of family circumstances .	teacher
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"The writer added that Vanessa 's emotions "" are always simmering at the surface "" and she would set pulses racing among the men of Erinsborough ."	writer
female	1	The nurse proceeds to administer tests and contests and whomever she deems to be the craziest and most insane will be declared the winner and will be committed into the institution .	nurse
female	4	"A well known singing teacher became interested in her voice and gave her lessons and , in due course of time , she became a concert singer . """	teacher
female	0	Teacher saves Shiva , but she still has so many questions .	teacher
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The teacher thought someone else was writing them on her behalf and she gave her a supervised test to prove it was her work .	teacher
female	1	An accountant from Abbey Road Studios contacted Torry and tried to arrange a session for the same evening , but she had other commitments , including tickets to see Chuck Berry that evening , so a session was scheduled for Sunday evening between 7 and 10 pm .	accountant
female	19	One of the African - Americans ( Brown ) requested a book , and upon checking , the library assistant informed Brown that they did not have the book , and that she would request it from the State Library .	assistant
female	0	Nurse began playing basketball at the age of four , and by the time she was seven years old , she was playing in a competitive league .	nurse
female	1	The counselor informs her that this is likely just a fantasy , and she should focus on her relationship with Kent .	counselor
female	9	While at work on the , Schinasi 's studio assistant left and she hired Celestino Miranda , who had recently arrived in United States , after seeking asylum from Cuba .	assistant
female	2	Such a teacher is genuinely aware of the complexities of this mind to mind transfer , and she has the intellectual fortitude to identify the successes and failures of this process , as well as how to appropriately reproduce or correct it in the future .	teacher
female	7	Afterwards , it is revealed that the nurse was Benjamin 's wife and she left the group in an attempt to help others .	nurse
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	1	Her teacher comes and says her that they have been working for 1 year and she wants to waste it .	teacher
female	3	While , the teacher says to Safiyyah to marry him but she says to take care of people but he refuses .	teacher
female	1	"His nurse wrote on a paper "" You ARE a king ” and she finally wrote out his whole history for him ."	nurse
female	3	Flora 's maternity nurse revealed many details and she had in her possession some love letters that the couple had still been writing to each other .	nurse
female	1	The Nurse tries to convince the Empress to escape but she remembers the doors from her dream and knows that her father is waiting for her on the other side .	nurse
female	1	Series writer and producer Marti Noxon was unable to read some of the mail because it was so distressing , but she counted the response as a natural indication that television simply had few strong female role models , and no lesbian representation .	writer
female	17	Valdes - Rodriguez responded , stating that the similarity between the names of the character and the teacher was purely coincidental and that she had used the school as a setting due to her familiarity with the area , having attended the school .	teacher
female	6	At school , Anna 's English teacher , Mr. Bates , treats her unfairly , and she is feuding with Stacey , her former best friend - turned - nemesis .	teacher
female	7	When Celeste had woken up , a nurse kept asking her where the baby was , and at this point she realized that Zephany had been taken .	nurse
female	1	The nurse provides the necessary attention to the students and she refers the students to the doctor when it is deemed necessary .	nurse
female	4	"She remembered that a teacher at the Hydeburn once said , "" there 's no hope for her at all "" , and that she left school with no academic qualifications ."	teacher
female	19	"His college experiences ended after a quarrel with an art teacher , as he recalled : "" Then the teacher took out my drawing and she stood up with it before the class and announced : '"	teacher
female	1	The clerk , Angela Brown , had worked 16-hour days following the tornado hit until his birth , and she stated her doctors attributed his death in part to stress as a result of this work .	clerk
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	10	A few years after the war , a young school teacher named William Herschel Cobb and his wife Amanda settled near the site of this skirmish , and she gave birth in 1886 to one of the greatest baseball players of all time , Ty Cobb .	teacher
female	2	"Thus a writer may despair over the importance of language and she cited Hugo von Hofmannsthal 's "" Ein Brief "" ( 1902 ) as the first articulation of this problem ."	writer
female	1	The writer has the saving grace of humour and she does not let her detectives win too easily .	writer
female	2	Rufus ' teacher will be spending the summer in London , and she tells the class about the wax museum she plans on visiting while she 's there .	teacher
female	3	The painter 's assistant , Arthur , tries to seduce her but she runs away after finding out he is married .	assistant
female	1	Another writer described how Alfred was her favourite animal at the zoo and she has many memories but her favourite is of her aunt eating plums in front of Alfred .	writer
female	1	The writer got in trouble for telling her aunt that the incident was her fault and she should have given Alfred the plums .	writer
female	2	Her first teacher was Nakajima Tazuruko , but she soon progressed quickly enough to study with his teacher , the Russian violinist Anna Bubnova - Ono .	teacher
female	4	"A modernist and experimental writer , Scott "" was a significant literary figure in the 1920s and 1930s , but she eventually sank into critical oblivion . """	writer
female	2	His art teacher , a Mrs. Beagleman , favored an Impressionist style of painting , and she continued as his mentor until the Art Institute closed several years later .	teacher
female	1	The nurse is terrified and tries to shut the door again but she is powerless to move it as the voices draw nearer .	nurse
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	3	Carte 's able assistant , Helen Lenoir , became his wife in 1888 and , after his death in 1901 , she ran the company until her own death in 1913 .	assistant
female	1	"Her hairdresser , Alex Foden , borrowed her "" instantly recognisable "" beehive hairdo ( a weave ) and she borrowed her Cleopatra makeup from the Ronettes ."	hairdresser
female	1	His assistant , Lizzie ( Daryl Hannah ) , tries to comfort him , and she apparently has a crush on him .	assistant
female	3	Turner 's drama teacher encouraged her to audition for the part , and she dyed her blonde hair auburn for the role , although in Season 7 she began wearing wigs .	teacher
female	3	The local railroad clerk , Fogelev , loves Natasha but she takes a shine to Ilya , a clumsy student who sleeps in the train station .	clerk
female	1	The nurse is a major character in the play , and like the Friar she is a neutral character .	nurse
female	12	Hernandez refused , because her husband was not present , but the nurse told her to sign or she would die .	nurse
female	1	Her teacher has instilled in her a love of learning , and she longs to get away to a different life where she can pursue higher education .	teacher
female	5	In acting class , her teacher referred her to an agent at the Wilhelmina Modeling Agency and she began working as a model at the age of 16 , right after graduating high school , with a GC shoot by Herbert Ritt .	teacher
female	2	Promptly a housekeeper informs her that this is her ' uncle 's ' house and she is safe and should rest .	housekeeper
female	6	"Kirkus Reviews wrote "" The veteran writer has the ability to make her characters recognizable even with brief sketches , and she holds attention with the mounting suspense of Lindsay ’s dilemma , especially when her choices turn out to be wrong ."	writer
female	2	"Their journalism teacher has the idea of doing an article about Buddy to welcome the "" new kid "" , and she assigns Jerry to do an interview ."	teacher
female	5	"A "" Soap World "" writer praised Sophie 's involvement with "" Dr Sexy "" Nate and how she kept him at the forefront of the show ."	writer
female	10	"Her hair is bobbed , "" marveled one American newspaper writer , "" and in every way she has adopted occidental ways . """	writer
female	3	Nell 's kindergarten teacher tells Toadie and Sonya that Nell has been misbehaving , and she suggests that Nell be held back from starting school , leading Toadie to contact a child psychologist .	teacher
female	7	Mrs. Pipchin , for some time the housekeeper , dismisses all the servants and she herself returns to Brighton , to be replaced by Mrs. Richards .	housekeeper
female	20	Max barricades himself in Abi 's hospital room , but is talked into letting the hospital staff in when a nurse tells Max about her own son 's death and that she never got to say goodbye .	nurse
female	1	The housekeeper overhears this , but being a mute , she does not respond .	housekeeper
female	1	"A writer for the "" Liverpool Daily Post "" commented that "" say what you like about Mercedes , but she 's good at getting what she wants "" ."	writer
female	2	Her favourite writer was C.S. Lewis and initially she had no idea she was living with the same man .	writer
female	3	The lawyer 's assistant copies the files onto a CD , which she accidentally leaves on the locker room floor of Hardbodies , a local gym .	assistant
female	10	A Southern Girl 's Guide to Almost Anything , the writer bemoans the lack of centralization she was finding in fandom by asking	writer
female	1	"A teacher wrote an opinion piece about the shooting for "" The Washington Post "" , in which she stated her concern about the lack of action by politicians and organizations ."	teacher
female	23	"Il risentimento come morale "" , a work derived from her graduate thesis and for which Guia Risari won five awards , the writer suggests a re - evaluation of the idea of resentment , which she considers “ the only way to moralize life and history ” ."	writer
female	2	Her band teacher showed her a blues line for the bass that she later used to secure her first gig .	teacher
female	22	Amy Squirrel , a dedicated but overly enthusiastic teacher and colleague of Elizabeth , also pursues Scott while the school 's gym teacher , Russell Gettis , makes advances on Elizabeth , which she rejects .	teacher
female	1	A nurse did not note the confession phone in her logbook which she lost because she spilled coffee on it .	nurse
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	5	In 1952 , she married writer and editor Robert O'Byrne , with whom she had founded a New York theater group , Abbe Theater School .	writer
female	15	In 1949 , she married newsman Juan Capiendo Tuvera , a childhood friend and fellow writer , with whom she had 10 children , among them the fictionist Katrina Tuvera .	writer
female	5	In 1977 she married the writer Thad e e Klossowski de Rola , a son of the painter Balthus , by whom she had a daughter , Anna .	writer
female	15	In 2005 , Hirschi High School IB World Topics teacher Sherry Lindemann was named Texas Teacher of the Year where she represented the WFISD and thousands of Texas teachers at a formal ceremony held by President George W .	teacher
female	4	Incarcerated for murdering a nurse after she commented on the number of abortions Pennsatucky had received .	nurse
female	19	In another incident , he attempted to forcibly remove his former wife from a hospital , and attacked a nurse when she attempted to intervene .	nurse
female	12	In April 2011 , the school board fired a high school administrative assistant because she had appeared in pornographic films .	assistant
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	8	In 2007 , Celia was appointed researcher and writer at the National Arts Council of Zimbabwe , where she had helped develop the annual National Merit Awards for artists in the country .	writer
female	21	Annette bets with Fay and Julie she can wear eye makeup without being spotted-by wearing sunglasses and it actually convinces one teacher until she encounters Mrs .	teacher
female	5	Abel then joined her music teacher at the Royal Academy of Music on Marylebone Road in London , where she won a scholarship .	teacher
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	8	After a single , unsuccessful year as an accountant , which she describes as `` like being trapped in a Terry Gilliam movie '' , she trained as a teacher at Sheffield University , and for fifteen years she taught modern languages , mostly at Leeds Grammar School , a boys ' independent school in Yorkshire .	accountant
female	19	A Class Divided is , PBS claims , one of its most requested documentaries , and follows an Iowa teacher as she gets her all-white class to experience discrimination and prejudice , and then debriefs them .	teacher
female	11	Deluna gave a talk recently whereas she mentioned a nameless sculpture teacher with whom she spent hours with while at art achool .	teacher
female	7	A year later she met the Flemish writer and poet Herman de Coninck with whom she lived in Berchem , Antwerp .	writer
female	18	After she had graduated with excellent grades , she received a degree of an orchestra artist and the teacher of music .	teacher
female	10	After she took her perpetual vows , she was appointed assistant to the Novice Mistress .	assistant
female	24	Fascinella ' s office ' s waiting room of in Rio , Stacy discovered she did have plastic surgery there when she asked a nurse if she had surgery there after the nurse saw the before and after picture of Stacy ' s surgery in her file .	nurse
female	20	He was impressed with the similar organizational structure of the Salomon Heine Hospital in Hamburg , and asked the head nurse there if she could spare one of her staff .	nurse
female	8	He then tried to bribe Arsinoe ' s nurse so that she might arrange for them to meet , but Arsinoe reported this to her parents , who cut off the nurse ' s tongue , nose and fingers and drove her out of their house .	nurse
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	5	Instead , she asks the teacher if she could pretend to be her mom for a little while .	teacher
female	7	Intreged , the female lawyer sent her assistant to the accident sight where she found a deli that had a camera inadverdently fixed toward the cross streets in question , but had been disabled 1 day after the accident .	assistant
female	13	As a sign of gratitude , in 1966 G o ring married his housekeeper so she could receive his pension .	housekeeper
female	21	In May 2012 , Alibhai-Brown received an anonymous three-page letter alleging that veteran BBC presenter Stuart Hall had sexually abused the writer while she was a schoolgirl in the 1970s .	writer
female	30	In May 2012 , Yasmin Alibhai-Brown , a journalist and regular columnist for The Independent , received an anonymous three-page letter alleging that Hall had groomed and sexually abused the writer while she was a schoolgirl in the 1970s .	writer
female	12	In Let ' s Play School , the player acts a young teacher during her 4 first days of work where she is going to have to take care of young children .	teacher
female	4	GK kills the his assistant because she revealed everything to Raju .	assistant
female	8	Before she met Walter , she dated a writer named Russell Asher -LRB- Cesare Danova -RRB- , who was a womanizer .	writer
female	6	He even threatens to report his teacher to the school board when she fails to set any week-end homework .	teacher
female	7	Emma Curtis Hopkins is called the `` Teacher of Teachers '' because of the number of people she taught who went on to found groups within the New Thought movement .	teacher
female	18	Bradley served in the Korean War as Chief Nurse for the 171st Evacuation Hospital before being named Chief Nurse for the Eighth Army in 1951 where she supervised over 500 Army nurses throughout Korea .	nurse
female	3	Jerry asks a Nurse if she can interpret his scrawl .	nurse
female	17	Just when she realizes she loves Frank and is committed to their relationship , Morris catches his assistant in the act of stealing .	assistant
female	9	Louise plans to take down her Thomas Edison-obsessed science teacher when she recreates one of the famous inventor ' s electrocution of an elephant , Topsy .	teacher
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	8	Later , she gives the overbearing and unsmiling housekeeper , the name `` Franco '' , just before she knocks the woman out .	housekeeper
female	48	Martin ' s sister , Sarah Catherine -LRB- c1768-1826 -RRB- , who suffered the attentions of a very young Prince William Henry and never married , while a visitor at the Devonshire house of her sister Mrs Pollexfen Bastard , assembled the rhyme about her sister ' s housekeeper for the entertainment of fellow guests though she may not be responsible for the first few lines .	housekeeper
female	8	Meanwhile , Hilda confronts Justin ' s PE teacher when she learns Justin is flunking gym .	teacher
female	6	Morris keeps a blog called The Writer and the Wanderer where she writes about travel and literature .	writer
female	13	The 8th Earl , who lived in South Africa , had married his housekeeper after she had already given birth to two of his children , the elder of whom was a boy .	housekeeper
female	7	Siri has four hours to find his assistant before she becomes the fourth .	assistant
female	47	Over the next seven months , Wickstrom took applications for and issued a liquor license and a cigarette license , attempted to file various documents indicating he was a judge or town clerk with local and state offices , and threatened to sue the Shawano County county clerk if she did not cooperate with his demand for official printed ballots .	clerk
female	7	One day , Rebecca asked her art teacher if she had the skills to follow her passion and become an artist .	teacher
female	10	On the night before he died , Cataline asked his nurse if she believed that God would let him have a least one `` ponee '' in Heaven .	nurse
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	11	The episode features House ' s attempts to diagnose a kindergarten teacher after she collapses in class .	teacher
female	41	The Daily Mail cites as examples of SHAC activism sending letters to the neighbours of a man who did business with HLS , warning parents to keep their children away from him , falsely claiming that he had raped the letter writer when she was a child .	writer
female	16	The gunman had said he wanted to speak with Gwatney about volunteering , but sidestepped his assistant when she said he was busy .	assistant
female	13	The novel follows protagonist Erika Kohut , a sexually and emotionally repressed piano teacher , as she enters into a sadomasochistic relationship with her student , Walter Klemmer , the results of which are disastrous .	teacher
female	4	The uncle convinces the writer to humor the girl until she regains her memory .	writer
female	14	Troy ' s fondness for Abed is so strong that he dumps an attractive librarian immediately after she calls Abed weird ; and he lurks and fidgets jealously , fearing Jeff and Abed will become best friends when Jeff throws Abed a Pulp Fiction-themed birthday party and buys him a replica briefcase from the actual film .	librarian
female	38	You Told Me , You Love Me -LRB- Du hast gesagt , dass Du mich liebst -RRB- , 2006 - a retired woman in Berlin who has been a professional swimmer during her young days meets a younger writer after she responded to his lonely hearts ad .	writer
female	7	In 1973 , after a high school teacher told him that she did not teach Puerto Rican history because Puerto Rico did not have a history , he became involved in Latinos Unidos , a student group that called for the establishment of a Latin American studies curriculum and cultural programs .	teacher
female	16	In 1955 , she was enrolled into a rehabilitation center ' s elementary school where a teacher recognized her talent with words and recommended that she become a writer .	teacher
female	15	In 1996 , Donald Margulies wrote the play Collected Stories , in which the aging writer and teacher Ruth Steiner -LRB- a fictional character -RRB- reveals that she once had a great affair in her youth with Delmore Schwartz in Greenwich Village -LRB- during the period of time when Schwartz was in declining health from alcoholism and mental illness -RRB- to her young student , Lisa .	writer
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	1	A nurse , Katie -LRB- Jane Greer -RRB- , must decicde whether she should marry for love or money .	nurse
female	1	A nurse said she saw a group of police `` execute '' a young protester with a gun at `` point-blank range '' after handcuffing and beating him .	nurse
female	1	A nurse says that she has a letter , and that it is from her father .	nurse
female	1	A nurse should ensure she gets adequate rest .	nurse
female	1	A nurse tells Lozanne that she must learn how to maintain Jon ' s tracheotomy tube .	nurse
female	1	A nurse walks in and reassures the unconscious Samantha that both she and her baby will be fine .	nurse
female	1	Another teacher of the school , Dame Devin , then announces that she will soon quit her job of instructing at the Princess Charm School after her daughter , Delancy -LRB- who is also attending the school -RRB- becomes the new princess of Gardenia at the end of the semester .	teacher
female	14	Anna ' s talents in painting and sculpture were discovered by the local art teacher , who recommended that she go to Moscow to study art .	teacher
female	2	A dance teacher suggested she consider a career on Broadway instead .	teacher
female	1	A clerk in Missouri recalled that in September a woman had ordered ten packets of the out-of-season seeds and explained that she needed them for schoolwork .	clerk
female	1	A clerk , who heard her , said she would not have him .	clerk
female	3	A Comedy Central writer joked that `` she ' s a pit bull who wears lipstick for some reason !	writer
female	8	A court of competent jurisdiction has found this nurse not guilty as the only evidence presented to link her to the deaths was a claim that she happened to be on duty when many of the deaths occurred .	nurse
female	15	David Lander wants to prove that his reputation as a drunk is unfounded , school teacher claims she never threatened to kill principal , man who wants to prove he was falsely convicted of cocaine possession .	teacher
female	20	Based on the novel Hot Saturday by Harvey Fergusson , the film is about a pretty but virtuous small-town bank clerk who becomes the victim of a vicious rumor from an unsuccessful suitor that she spent the night with a notorious womanizer .	clerk
female	16	At the age of fifteen she fell in love with Pietro Bonaventuri , a young Florentine clerk in the firm of Salviati , and on 28 November 1563 escaped with him to Florence , where they were married .	clerk
female	11	At the bakery , Maria is somewhat maliciously teased by the clerk , who asks whether she wishes to buy a wedding cake , mirroring a similar joke that was made at the earlier tea .	clerk
female	23	At the age of 17 , she contemplated going to a teacher training college in Crewe ; however , her father and drama teacher suggested she apply for the Mountview Academy of Theatre Arts in London .	teacher
female	3	A TV Week writer revealed that Vanessa would become a love interest for one of the male characters and that she would turn his world `` upside down and more .	writer
female	5	Back at mediation , the assistant arrives and announces that Saffron once slapped her and mentions that she had similarly abused many members of her staff .	assistant
female	14	Back at school , Sydney confronts her teacher about the amulet , and the teacher confesses she had known about vampires all along .	teacher
female	1	A writer for a popular Anime news website -LRB- Anime News Network -RRB- , described how shocked she was to find more than `` cows , crop circles , and farmers named Jeb '' at AnimeIowa .	writer
female	1	A writer for Channel 5 said she would `` have her work cut out for her '' due to the amount of teen drama in Summer Bay .	writer
female	1	A writer for What ' s on TV described Belle as a `` child genius '' and said she `` uses her intelligence to think up Dingle-style scams !	writer
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	11	All of her short stories were rejected , and a writing teacher finally suggested , in 1990 , that she try to write a novel .	teacher
female	2	Also the librarian tells me that she can access the site from the library .	librarian
female	4	A former Crouch personal assistant , Kelly Whitmore , revealed that she had encountered a loose-leaf binder in Jan Crouch ' s luggage that the Crouches referred to as `` the End Times project '' and that he often called it `` The Omega '' but said he disliked the working title , `` especially the word ' Syndrome ' .	assistant
female	3	A former hospital nurse , Sonya explains that she was let go due to budget cuts , and therefore is more than happy to become Harrison ' s nanny .	nurse
female	6	A few days later , Chuck writer and executive producer Allison Adler -LRB- credited as Ali Adler -RRB- announced that she would be joining the show ' s writing team .	writer
female	14	After she deliberately played the wrong ending note at a concert , the piano teacher suggested she take up the violin .	teacher
female	2	A good nurse , she learned quickly that she could not become emotionally attached to her patients .	nurse
female	5	After the song ' s writer , Chrissie Hynde , said in a radio interview she did not mind the use of the song , an agreement was reached for an annual usage fee of one hundred thousand dollars to EMI , The Rush Limbaugh Show airs on a network of approximately 590 AM and FM affiliate stations throughout the United States .	writer
female	2	After the librarian -LRB- Chris Courtenay -RRB- notes she ' s always the last to go , she packs up her belongings and heads home to find a loud , raucous party already in progress .	librarian
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	11	Afterwards , Miyaji receives a visit from Sadako ' s childhood teacher , who claims that she witnessed strange and horrifying things in the Yamamura Inn in Sadako ' s hometown .	teacher
female	4	English musical author , teacher and critic , who was 16 years older than she was .	teacher
female	3	Her first drama teacher , Marcos Col o n -LRB- no relation -RRB- believed that she was very talented and with his help she was permitted to observe the students in the `` Drama Department of the University of Puerto Rico '' .	teacher
female	4	Her high school games teacher Philip Ng'eno remarked that she used to compete with the boys in sprint events as the girls did not provide the competition she needed .	teacher
female	3	But her music teacher recognized that she had some music in her and would give her clappers or triangles to play .	teacher
female	3	But the young nurse discovered that she had certain skills that could be useful in times of war .	nurse
female	2	But the nurse sized her up and said she could have a half dose of narcotic and no valium .	nurse
female	8	But ironically , on her homework , the teacher sees that she has drawn an -LRB- Om -RRB- , depicting the sign of God .	teacher
female	10	Buffy returns to the blood bank and speaks to the nurse , who admits that she gives the names of healthy young donors to Ken .	nurse
female	18	In one episode , `` Sex and the Country '' he is seduced by Tyler ' s English teacher who admits she likes more mature men , and in another episode , `` Life Swap '' , Boycie ' s swapped wife tries to seduce him .	teacher
female	5	In the diary , the writer says she is not the only victim of the man .	writer
female	4	In the article the teacher writes that she spoke to a homosexual student in the school recently .	teacher
female	6	In one review , a newspaper writer said that when she read the book to her children , she chose not to read with the dialect .	writer
female	23	In the musical Bye Bye Birdie , Albert Peterson ' s long suffering girlfriend Rosie Alvarez , in the song `` An English Teacher , '' expresses longing that she could have been `` Mrs .	teacher
female	2	A piano teacher once told her she played the piano `` like a boy .	teacher
female	2	A sympathetic nurse warns Lori that she could lose custody of her son if a court decides she is putting her son ' s health at risk .	nurse
female	2	A production assistant on the series , Hilary Bevan-Jones , recalls that she forgot to pick up Finlay from the location at the end of a shoot and left him behind , until the make-up team found him wandering in the snow in full Witchsmeller costume and brought him back to the hotel .	assistant
female	6	At school Effy ' s art teacher appoints Effy to the task of helping new girl Pandora , and explains that she must do well on her GCSE Art coursework or else she ' ll be expelled .	teacher
female	1	A teacher at the school being impressed by hearing Borel ' s voice on a demo cassette suggested that she hosted an upcoming school event .	teacher
female	1	A teacher working at a university in Seoul by the name of Kim claims she has suffered damage from a scene where her breasts were exposed , and has filed in a lawsuit against SBS and CJ Media for damage compensation .	teacher
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	3	In her the writer has evidently embodied what she believes to be the ideal of a self-reliant , self-controlled woman , animated by a deep-rooted passion .	writer
female	13	In Johnson ' s will , Molly is referred to as his `` housekeeper '' , which at the time meant that she ran the household , served as hostess , and supervised the female servants and slaves .	housekeeper
female	5	During her infancy , her nurse , Alice Tittle , commented that she was as `` purty as a ladybird '' .	nurse
female	11	During her Junior year at Tustin High School , a gym teacher noticed that she ran very fast .	teacher
female	24	Born Thelma McQueen in Tampa , Florida on January 7 , 1911 , she had planned to become a nurse until a high school teacher suggested that she try acting .	teacher
female	26	Belle de Jour , author of Secret Diary of A Call Girl etc used a corporation to hide her real identity ; only her agent and accountant knew who she was .	accountant
female	17	Eventually she trained for nine years under Girija Shankar Chakravarty -LRB- 1885-1948 -RRB- , noted vocalist and teacher , known for revitalizing the khayal tradition in Bengal .	teacher
female	17	Dream With Music -LRB- 1944 -RRB- , a `` musical fantasy '' in which a soap opera writer dreams that she is Scheherazade in old Baghdad , where her real life acquaintances turn up as Aladdin , the Sultan , etc .	writer
female	3	Dotterine ' s nurse loved her , but knew that every night a beautiful woman leaned over her ; she confided in the queen , and they decided to keep it secret .	nurse
female	15	Cochran produced a potential alibi witness , Rosa Lopez , a neighbor ' s Spanish-speaking housekeeper who testified that she had seen Simpson ' s car parked outside his house at the time of the murders .	housekeeper
female	7	Caitlin was a talented swimmer and a writer for the BBC said she `` displayed an intense dedication to her training regime .	writer
female	5	Catherine finds out that a writer visited Annabelle ' s room and had the same water bottle on him that she found at the scene of the crime .	writer
female	3	However , this librarian has a blog ' n ' stuff and is famous enough that she outranks the , uh , real Jessamyn West in Google .	librarian
female	23	However , in August 1962 when Murray requested a month ' s holiday , Monroe granted it , paid her , and one writer added that she asked her not to return .	writer
female	10	However , after Cox ended the investigation , a records clerk at the police department has claimed that she saw a police report of an assault at the Manoogian Mansion .	clerk
female	10	However , as she is doing this , her gym teacher walks in on them and demands that she come out to her class .	teacher
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	5	However , a physical education teacher suggested that she try wheelchair basketball , a sport she had never heard of .	teacher
female	10	However , on December 1 , 2009 , a psychiatric nurse who observed Brian David Mitchell stated she believed Mitchell had faked psychiatric symptoms and behaviors to avoid prosecution and remain at a state hospital .	nurse
female	2	His fellow laborer Martin Bucer had known Idelette and recommended her to Calvin in confidence that she would fit the bill .	laborer
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	4	His nurse and personal assistant , Sharona Fleming , assures him that she checked .	assistant
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	8	From 1944 to 1947 the bed ridden Italian writer and mystic Maria Valtorta produced 15 , 000 handwritten pages of text that she said recorded the visions of her conversations with Jesus about his life and the early church .	writer
female	2	Former TM teacher and author Lola Williamson reports that she told her TM students that their mantra was chosen for them based on their personal interview , while sociologist Roy Wallis , religious scholar J .	teacher
female	1	Gym teacher will be living in the same house that she will be living at which is free for them to stay at because the school lends it to them .	teacher
female	25	January , but when that morning Penn and a man of `` veracity and fortune '' called on Parsons and asked for Elizabeth , the clerk told them she was not there and refused to reveal her whereabouts .	clerk
female	10	Kitty asks him which man she should choose and the hairdresser says she should choose the highwayman because he prefers `` a manly man .	hairdresser
female	3	Lisa ' s teacher , Miss Hoover , thinks she has come down with Lyme disease and is replaced by substitute teacher Mr .	teacher
female	5	Lilith once reveals that Dream Librarian believes that Lyra was the Chosen Child and that she is actually the one who tries to separate Faye and Fidget .	librarian
female	2	Her piano teacher then suggested she take singing lessons , and for a year she studied with a local teacher .	teacher
female	2	Her music teacher , Plamen Dimov , later explained that , `` If you gave Tarja just one note , she immediately got it .	teacher
female	1	Her nurse suggests she take a lover of her own , advice which Ottavia angrily rejects .	nurse
female	2	Her school teacher had suggested that she join an agency and she got the part of Hannah within a couple of months , after her first professional audition .	teacher
female	3	Her secondary school teacher told her she was a soprano .	teacher
female	1	Her teacher recognized that she had a natural talent and obtained modeling wax and a book on sculpting for her .	teacher
female	9	Kim regains consciousness in a hospital , and a nurse tells her that she is lucky that a friend brought her to the ED in time .	nurse
female	18	Lastly , she enters the McKittrick Hotel , but when Scottie investigates , she is missing and the clerk insists she has not been there .	clerk
female	5	Larita is delighted when her teacher suggests that she enters the scholarship exam for a university in America .	teacher
female	18	Like I said , this is not intended to be racist in any way , and if the cashier had not said what she did , I probably would not have given this a second thought .	cashier
female	3	Kseniya ' s nurse assures her that she will soon forget about `` Prince Ivan '' .	nurse
female	4	It was her ballet teacher , Christopher Flynn , a gay man , who first told Madonna that she was beautiful and that she had something to offer the world .	teacher
female	2	Marine , teacher and author LouAnne Johnson do things that she herself thinks are unethical , inadvisable and silly .	teacher
female	30	Mike reveals Tracy ' s election fraud , overturning the election results and making Al the election winner , while Tracy is ousted for fraud -LRB- especially after her long-suffering assistant , Neuschwander , drunkenly admits that she made him and her other associates go along with the fraud -RRB- .	assistant
female	33	Mills , a resident of Shepherdsville , Kentucky , had an interest in modeling at least as early as the eighth grade ; following Mills ' victory in Miss World 2010 , a counselor at her middle school recalled that she had a modeling portfolio even then .	counselor
female	4	Misinterpreting her , the nurse tells his family that she is his fianc e e .	nurse
female	11	Miss Esther Sherman - A strict , old-fashioned and academic English teacher who loves her students despite the fact that she comes down hard on them .	teacher
female	4	The article ' s writer , Paul Lester , said about Florrie that `` she completely bypasses the sweaty authenticity of groaning determination for a slicker , brighter sort of pop desire .	writer
female	2	My Spanish teacher recently said of Portuguese that she could `` speak Spanish and be understood by a Portuguese waiter -LSB- who spoke only pt -RSB- '' and of Romanian that she could have a broken dinner conversation using Spanish with Romanian-speakers .	teacher
female	1	My teacher and friends at school agree that she is `` making life difficult '' .	teacher
female	8	Presaging her future accomplishments , an early school teacher noted that she had an unusual ability in languages , learning Greek without the aid of a teacher .	teacher
female	19	Realizing her son has a problem , Sally seeks advice at a women ' s shelter , where a counselor suggests she take out an order of protection against Jack .	counselor
female	9	Pursued by tax inspector S J Pinkney , her accountant claimed that as a result of the case she made two failed suicide bids .	accountant
female	1	Our teacher said she is but I Johan Tonnesen once remembers her as a child , playing angels in thetre with her parents .	teacher
female	6	Patricia became a junior high-school English teacher but in 1971 realized that she wanted to be an author .	teacher
female	3	Once a UNC teacher said that she was careful to pronounce organism distinctly because it was once misinterpreted by a student .	teacher
female	7	On April 7 , the Waukesha County clerk announced she had erroneously failed to include more than 14 , 000 votes in her reported totals , which gave Prosser a lead of more than 7 , 000 votes out of 1 , 500 , 000 cast statewide .	clerk
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	13	November Carrie Shannon Dooley Carrie is Irene Roberts ' -LRB- Lynne McGranger -RRB- nurse who gives her the news that she is in remission .	nurse
female	0	Nurse Carla Sauer Iyer asserted that she was able to feed Terri Schiavo orally but that Michael Schiavo characterized any such interaction as `` therapy '' and ordered her not to do so .	nurse
female	2	My Pre-Algebra teacher says that she will move me and my other highly intelligent friend into the 8th grade Advanced Algebra class -LRB- highest 8th grade class offered -RRB- if she can find something to do with us next year .	teacher
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	7	On the evening she disappeared , the clerk recalled that Philip had been accompanied by another young woman , possibly Indian .	clerk
female	6	On Inside Higher Ed , a librarian described how she had `` come to appreciate the way that Wikipedia in so many ways helps students understand fundamental features of how information works '' , familiarizing them with the concept of references and demonstrating `` that knowledge itself is a community project '' and not `` just for school .	librarian
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	6	On May 3 , 2011 , teacher and educators ' union official Shelly Moore announced she would run against Harsdorf in a possible recall election .	teacher
female	2	One contemporary writer critical of the scuttling of the Terrible wrote that `` she made no more water than she did before -LSB- the battle -RSB- '' , and , more acidly , `` If an able officer had been at the head of the fleet , the Terrible would not have been destroyed .	writer
female	2	One learned writer proved that she lived on air , another that the phenomenon was due to disease of the oesophagus , while a third was convinced that her condition was a manifestation of the supernatural power of God .	writer
female	11	She started swimming at the age of 6 after her kindergarten teacher noticed she had large hands and feet , joining the Chen Jinglun Sport School in the city .	teacher
female	14	She is then thrown into a bathtub full of scalding hot water by the nurse who tells her that she knew this would happen , this being the reason for the unflavored food she had Rye prepare for Annie .	nurse
female	14	She was cast after casting directors held auditions at her school and her drama teacher suggested she go .	teacher
female	6	She is overheard by an older teacher who remarks to Miss Gladden that she prefers the troublemaking students as they are the ones who can think for themselves .	teacher
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	14	The first was Carmen Torres -LRB- Natalia Baron -RRB- , a 21-year-old Spanish-fluent physics teacher who would clash with Steven over his insistence that she not speak and teach Spanish in the classroom .	teacher
female	1	The librarian later revealed that she had obtained the document from the publisher of a local newspaper , The St .	librarian
female	1	The librarian told me to make it A5 size , but has now revealed that she meant A4 .	librarian
female	11	The library was named in honor of Eleanor London the first librarian hired to setup whatever vision of a library she wanted .	librarian
female	6	The latter was a charismatic yoga teacher who gathered a number of followers around her and convinced them that she was the incarnation of Christ .	teacher
female	7	Tanya then lies to Max that her nurse has recommended she does not have any sex .	nurse
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The counselor says she is alive , but HIV positive .	counselor
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	2	The female assistant says that over time , she would catch Vorelli and Hugo in strange conferences .	assistant
female	41	The work was not arranged according to subjects or according to any settled plan , but it was more like a commonplace book , in which each piece of information was set down as it fell under the notice of the writer , who stated that she believed this variety would give greater pleasure to the reader .	writer
female	1	The writer claims that she has Yuki .	writer
female	1	The writer confesses that she has secretly been in love with a guy since her school days .	writer
female	1	The writer explains that when he got a job at a radio station , she followed him there .	writer
female	1	The writer of that section of the episode , Terry Louise Fisher , stated that she had just made it up .	writer
female	1	The writer of this episode , Jane Espenson , revealed how she enjoyed writing this episode , as it gave her a chance to invent a card game , as well as write dialog in `` Jane Austen style '' .	writer
female	1	The writer stated that she was `` even more Essex than former Towie star Amy Childs '' .	writer
female	1	The writer stated that while Sheila is not intellectual , she does have good instincts and `` a sharp sense of humour '' .	writer
female	18	They returned to the mall to see if anyone recognized the woman , and were informed by a clerk who recognized the woman that she had been wearing a wide brimmed hat that had not been included in the sketch .	clerk
female	4	The next day a nurse told Theresa that she believed Ethan could indeed hear everything Theresa said .	nurse
female	4	Then a lower-class wet nurse , Elizabeth , reveals to Catherine that she may be able to enjoy the same sensations from the machine with her husband , with whom she is frustrated because of his clinical detachment , but still ultimately loves .	nurse
female	2	The music teacher told her that she sounded `` like a goat '' .	teacher
female	3	The News Hounds writer claims she is unable to find any confirmation of the idea that this happened or that Christians would adopt slave children , and wondered if either Barton was getting his history from Wikipedia or if Barton himself was editing Wikipedia to push his views .	writer
female	25	The part of `` Anne '' was a coveted role that she won over 3 , 000 other young girls when director , producer and writer Kevin Sullivan chose her despite early worries during the audition process that she might be too old for the part .	writer
female	1	The nurse explains that she bound Elektra for her own safety , although the ninja easily frees herself .	nurse
female	1	The nurse tells her that she has to live only two or three weeks .	nurse
female	1	The nurse tells her that she should cheer up , because she will enjoy the marriage festivities that night , and Juliet resolves to find another lover .	nurse
female	1	The nurse tells him that it is exactly the same story every night , and that she has heard it so much she knows it by heart .	nurse
female	1	The nurse there answers in a frightened tone that she died at half-past three .	nurse
female	5	Therefore , one day a teacher got mad at him that she tied him up and threw him into a dark cellar with hundreds of cats .	teacher
female	13	The review in Business Week references the case of Sue Gilliatt , a nurse from Indianapolis who claimed she used Cansema , as well as a product named `` H3O '' -LRB- also sold by Caton -RRB- for skin cancer on her nose and that they burned off her nose -LRB- in the lawsuit , H3O was primarily blamed -RRB- .	nurse
female	24	When Claire suggests to a female nurse that she would support a sexual harassment case that the nurse could make against James , the nurse replies that she would lose her job over it .	nurse
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	1	The teacher in 1879 reported that she was using McGuffey ' s readers but admitted that she did not always stick to the course of study .	teacher
female	1	The teacher says that she thinks Kim is distracted , as though she ' s worried about something .	teacher
female	1	The teacher , Stephanie Bell , said she used `` niggardly '' during a discussion about literary characters .	teacher
female	1	The teacher tells Tilly that she made mistakes and marks down her work .	teacher
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	10	Upon Beth ' s return to school , her school counselor -LRB- Khadijah Karriem -RRB- confronts the girl with the observation that she may be bulimic .	counselor
female	2	Turkish script writer and producer Stare Y i ld i r i m , has announced that she has optioned the story rights for a live action film adaption of Clementine .	writer
female	1	This nurse that was on duty told him she would go get him one .	nurse
female	3	Wolf ' s assistant , Monty Kirkham -LRB- Amanda Detmer -RRB- , tells Jason and Kaylee that she has had it with Wolf ' s abuse and wants to help them to expose Wolf .	assistant
female	17	With regard to the allegations of Freshwater ' s incorrect teaching of evolution , a high school teacher testified that `` she had to reteach science to freshmen after they received improper instruction from eighth-grade teacher John Freshwater .	teacher
female	19	While planning to enroll to Moscow Biotechnology Institute , Katye was approached by theatre director Evgeny Simonov ' s assistant , who suggested she should apply for the V .	assistant
female	15	When she took an acting class in college to fulfill a course requirement , the teacher suggested she continue to act .	teacher
female	7	When she was 13 , her drawing teacher recommended she attend art school after finishing high school .	teacher
female	10	When he asked how old the girl was , the nurse responded that she was Myrrha ' s age .	nurse
female	8	While she is reading the note , a teacher tells her that she will make a great pupil at Oxford University .	teacher
female	24	When they got to Chicago , Hunter was worried about what to expect and Alison explained some of the possible symptoms , when the nurse came she told them that only one visitor was allowed at a time .	nurse
female	6	Very Nice , '' which his teacher enjoyed so much that she read it to his class , and then had himread it to a higher class .	teacher
female	3	Vinnie ' s assistant , Connie , tells her the job is taken , but suggests she start apprehending some clients who have skipped out on their bonds , starting with Joe Morelli , vice cop and onetime sexual acquaintance of Stephanie .	assistant
female	6	Zack talks to the front desk clerk , who confirms that she checked him in .	clerk
female	5	In 1951 , a black teacher approached the college asking if she could fulfill continuing education requirements at the college .	teacher
female	4	I feel like the writer is trying to sell me something , which may just be in her nature , as she has a degree in marketing .	writer
female	4	Dunnock was a school teacher who did not start acting until she was in her early thirties .	teacher
female	1	Gym teacher calls to see where she is and discovers that she was lying to her grandparents .	teacher
female	5	It quoted a UK science teacher who used to assign blood typing homework to her students until she realized that in almost every class , one or two students would get results incompatible with their nominal parentage .	teacher
female	1	Rural Nurse follows Sue as she ultimately leaves the Visiting Nurses and returns home , only to find that a tragic accident has left Bill with the care of a disabled brother .	nurse
female	7	She thinks Hannah ' s Reception class teacher , Miss Morgan , is going to be her stepmother , as she has started dating her father .	teacher
female	7	She was a relatively early American woman writer who appears to have written because she liked to write and only published what she considered to be well written .	writer
female	19	She found out she was HIV positive at age 19 from a routine Pap test appointment at which a nurse encouraged her to get tested for HIV as she had had six partners .	nurse
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	3	Williams ' s assistant had to cut holes in a towel to place around her as she exited the pool , as the set was surrounded by tourists .	assistant
female	17	The frame-work for establishing therapeutic relationship is having knowledge about the disease , the patient , the nurse herself and the system ( 5 ) .	nurse
female	4	Phaneuf , as a nurse herself , spoke directly to her colleagues working in the early 1980 0 s. She dissected dichotomies of old and young , well and ill , emphasizing the vicissitudes of intersecting forms of discrimination .	nurse
female	3	One GeneDx genetic counselor saw herself as playing a vital role in keeping clinics up to date on test offerings .	counselor
female	26	However , it was unclear whether this request was a delegation of the task to the rest of the team or a declaration that the primary nurse would perform the task herself .	nurse
female	1	The nurse quarantined in New Jersey has identified herself as Kaci Hickox .	nurse
female	20	The role of a minor surgery nurse practitioner has been developed to benefit patients , the hospital trust and the nurse herself .	nurse
female	15	Current smokers were less likely to participate in tobacco control with targets ranging from the nurse herself to the community than either never or ex-smokers .	nurse
female	8	This , in turn , will safeguard the nurse herself , patients , and the profession .	nurse
female	32	The paper will conclude by suggesting that such a clinically based research paradigm must not only focus on the individual nurse-patient relationship , but that it must be carried out by the nurse herself .	nurse
female	4	Ms Henry , a nurse herself , says that even nurses who are regularly involved in the care of dying people can be ' frightened ' of talking about dying with patients , and many view themselves as unskilled in this area .	nurse
female	33	An important factor , the inner door ( an invisible door inside the nurse 's mind ) , determined the nurse 's ability to understand the inner worlds of suicidal patients and the nurse himself or herself .	nurse
female	14	Having difficulty in childcare and in doing house chores , health problems of the nurse herself or her children , economic hardships and difficulties encountered in transportation are other factors increasing burnout .	nurse
female	23	It proved to be a great opportunity to hear some of the most influential thinkers and speakers in healthcare , including the chief nurse herself , Jane Cummings .	nurse
female	14	The detrimental results of this experience are , however , not confined to the nurse herself , but extends further to the patient and the organization .	nurse
female	16	It was found that 53 % of the women received information about the position from the nurse herself .	nurse
female	3	How does a nurse situate herself into the doctor-patient relationship ?	nurse
female	14	We present a case of inoculation of the first dorsal web space by a nurse practitioner who accidentally stuck herself while preparing Bacilli Calmette-Guérin vaccine for treatment of bladder tumor .	nurse
female	2	The charge nurse , finding herself in a situation which amounted to a crisis in the work of the department and the lives of the staff , introduced a process which sought to establish that control .	nurse
female	27	' I 've got these ugly red blotches on my legs and they are getting worse ? ' Lisa , 32 years of age , is an accountant who always presents herself meticulously . You can understand why she does n't like the raised red brown blotches on her shins .	accountant
female	8	Named for Sister Elizabeth Kenny , an Australian nurse who based herself in Minnesota during the 1940s and early 1950s , and viewed with suspicion by many physicians , nurses , and physical therapists , the treatment nonetheless proved effective .	nurse
female	1	A nurse who ended up a patient herself after trying to prevent an elderly woman having a fall , told an Old Bailey court , she had not received proper training in lifting heavy patients .	nurse
female	2	The occupational nurse can better treat and prevent dermatitis seen in industry by familiarizing herself with the various contact irritants and sensitizers found in the workplace .	nurse
female	16	When this task was performed efficiently less attention was given to minor tasks , and the nurse rated herself as very tired .	nurse
female	1	The writer saw herself as a catalyst ' for the creativity of others ' .	writer
female	9	This ' one-way ' communication demonstrated that the expatriate nurse considered herself to have the better knowledge of nursing care .	nurse
female	27	In addition , there is so much joy and satisfaction in assisting in the development of a positive relationship between a mother and her newborn that the nurse should avail herself of the opportunity to do so .	nurse
female	24	Here the reader will also find a selection of possible solutions that have been put forward from various sources , many of which the writer has tried herself and found to be extremely helpful in tackling her own problems in this area .	writer
female	2	A 38-year-old nurse treated herself for acute lower back pain with 100 mg diclofenac intramuscularly .	nurse
female	18	Shimul comes from a village where education has not left its mark yet and being a responsible school teacher herself , Shimul makes it a point to impart education and knowledge to everyone possible in the village .	teacher
female	4	Gleason has been a teacher herself , holding classes and workshops all over the country .	teacher
female	6	Helena had thoughts of being a writer herself .	writer
female	49	"Bair also quotes British scholar C. B. Radford 's view that Beauvoir was "" guilty of painting women in her own colors "" because "" The Second Sex "" is "" primarily a middle - class document , so distorted by autobiographical influences that the individual problems of the writer herself may assume an exaggerated importance in her discussion of femininity ."	writer
female	19	They both had concluded that the solution for improving their retirement income was for Wilder to become a successful writer herself .	writer
female	13	Original series writer Blyton revealed that ‘ Georgina ’ was based on the writer herself .	writer
female	15	As a clerk , Gregory was exposed to teaching , and would later become a teacher herself .	teacher
female	8	Gail inspired Jo to think about becoming a teacher herself .	teacher
female	17	"This drama was promoted as the "" first Serbian LGBT feature film "" , even though the writer herself stresses that it is more about the generation gap in the modern family ."	writer
female	26	During this time she had a love affair with an American woman , Evelyn W. Gendel , who left her husband for Bedford and became a writer and editor herself .	writer
female	22	However , Eckstein 's teacher Ottilie Frese supported her in learning English and French , which made her want to become a teacher herself .	teacher
female	4	Planning to become a teacher herself , she studied mathematics at the Thái Nguyên College of Education from 1986 to 1990 , earning a bachelor 's degree , and on graduating became a lecturer in mathematics at the same institution .	teacher
female	14	Also in 1995 , Ma Bo 's mother , Yang Mo , a prominent writer herself , was diagnosed with terminal cancer .	writer
female	26	In its earliest years , the library had no fixed home : it itinerated among downtown storefronts and different homes , including the house of the librarian herself .	librarian
female	10	According to a magazine this inspired her to become a nurse herself .	nurse
female	47	"It promoted the romantic vision of Hypatia as "" the last of the Hellenes "" and was quickly adapted into a broad variety of stage productions , the first of which was a play written by Elizabeth Bowers , performed in Philadelphia in 1859 , starring the writer herself in the titular role ."	writer
female	16	He later married Mrs. Schon , and subsequently married Mrs. Pearl Dillon , who was a writer herself .	writer
female	18	She went to Munich in 1917 and enrolled in art classes for one semester before becoming an art teacher herself .	teacher
female	7	They also stated that she was a teacher herself as well .	teacher
female	17	Outside of her work in the church community and the education advocacy world , Stokes was a teacher herself .	teacher
female	30	However , under the influence of her father , who liked literature , she became well versed in the works of Charles Dickens and William Shakespeare , eventually becoming a writer herself .	writer
female	13	Blair subsequently accompanied Beebe on several of his expeditions , and as a writer herself , frequently assisted Beebe with his own writing .	writer
female	20	Law studied piano under Professor Carl Gustav Schmitt , and violin under Herr Von Zimmerman , and became a music teacher herself .	teacher
female	5	But Starr a prolific song writer herself , took it a step further and added choreography to her performances .	writer
female	16	Mrs. Remedios Madrid , the general 's wife , was particularly confident for she was a teacher herself .	teacher
female	7	The whole EP has Streeter as a writer herself and features production from Da Internz and Diplo with Chris Brown being the only feature .	writer
female	5	She later became an accomplished teacher herself .	teacher
female	17	Slade then travelled the globe to study with the best teachers in order to become a yoga teacher herself ; her teachers included Nancy Gilgoff in Hawaii , Tias Little in Santa Fe , New Mexico , Dena Ginsberg in Byron Bay , Australia , David Swenson in Costa Rica , and John Scott in Cornwall .	teacher
female	14	Ulrika is the Swedish Centre Partys spokesperson at educational affairs and is a former teacher herself .	teacher
female	17	Abandoned by her novelist father Gilbert Frankau at an early age , she soon became a prolific writer herself .	writer
female	10	She studied piano with her mother and became a piano teacher herself at the age of 17 .	teacher
female	26	Upon publication the work received a generally positive reception with reviewers noting the genre confusion with travel literature and Jan Morris 's history as a travel writer herself .	writer
female	24	In 2005 , an event was arranged at the Karachi Arts Council where the chief guest was her sister Hajra Masroor , a noted writer herself .	writer
female	16	Fandemonium 's company runner and chief editor , Sally Malcolm , started out as a fanfic writer herself .	writer
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	"Claire Mackay , a family friend and well - known children 's writer herself , asked Scrimger to contribute to her humorous collection , "" Laughs "" . """	writer
female	2	A student nurse herself , she becomes a target for the killer .	nurse
female	6	Patterson was a well - known writer herself , under her maiden name .	writer
female	39	It is a fictionalized account of the love story between Eliade , who was visiting India at the time , and the young Maitreyi Devi ( protégée of the great Bengali poet Rabindranath Tagore , who became a famous writer herself ) .	writer
female	13	During his military service he married Lillian Aberman , who later became a writer and illustrator herself .	writer
female	12	Airin sees Anna 's writing as her road to becoming a famous writer herself , and goes to Jeruk Purut with her friends Nadine ( Sheila Marcia Joseph ) and Valen ( Samuel Z Heckenbucker ) to find the ghost .	writer
female	23	"Fascinated by Tibby 's self - made film ( which Tibby calls a "" suckumentary "" ) , Bailey appoints herself Tibby 's assistant ."	assistant
female	4	Mrs. Norman , a writer herself , wrote glowing letters of the home and person of Mme .	writer
female	13	She grew interested in the field of library science and then became a librarian herself , beginning the first card catalogue of the Maine State Library .	librarian
female	22	After an accident where her teacher nearly dies , Hibiki comes to stay at a famous magic academy and works as a teacher herself .	teacher
female	12	Taking classical piano lessons after this led her to becoming a piano teacher herself , and producing music books for students .	teacher
female	22	"In the "" Agent of Spyral "" storyline she is the Matron of St. Hadrian 's Boarding School for girls and a teacher herself ."	teacher
female	12	In 1932 , he married Amiya Dhar , a well - known writer herself ; the couple had three sons .	writer
female	6	Of the latter she became a teacher herself .	teacher
female	18	Her teacher in Utah tutored her during lunch and after school and started training her to be a teacher herself .	teacher
female	7	"At age 16 , Dalton became a teacher herself for an "" infant school . """	teacher
female	1	The auditor herself has directly answered questions about the audit .	auditor
female	9	The screenplay for the film was written by the writer herself .	writer
female	1	A writer herself , she occasionally published stories disparaging her husband 's obsession with the martial arts .	writer
female	14	"Sexo con Amor "" is the story of how these three parents and the teacher herself are ambushed by their own erotic passions ."	teacher
female	4	A keen if amateur writer herself , Anna was the recipient of the most revealing of Austen 's letters on literary matters .	writer
female	9	After studying under her brother , she became a writer herself .	writer
female	3	Sandoval was no teacher herself , so Aguilar was sent to study at Rosa Navarro 's school in Guadalajara , Jalisco province , where she would spend six years studying and graduated in 1886 and herself became a teacher .	teacher
female	4	Although not a feminist writer herself , Wells - Barnett tried to explain that the defense of white women 's honor allowed Southern white men to get away with murder by projecting their own history of sexual violence onto black men .	writer
female	28	In 1965 , she decided to shift her area of study focus , pursuing academic endeavors that would give her an opportunity to transition into becoming an art teacher herself .	teacher
female	5	Freesia had graduated as a teacher herself and went on to have a large family .	teacher
female	7	Her grandmother was Shreemati Rasasundari , a writer herself , notable for her autobiography that provided a keen insight into the life of a 19th - century Bengali housewife .	writer
female	4	"When Ropers became a teacher herself , she embraced feminist educational theory , noting that , "" [ Teachers ] have an obligation as the ones who are vested with an assumed power , even if that power is easily and regularly disrupted , to assess and address the effects that it is having in our classrooms "" ."	teacher
female	18	Her current work explores how she came to appreciate storytelling and children 's literature and eventually became a writer herself , and ways to effect a similar transformation in her students .	writer
female	37	Her parents Julie ( née von Eichthal ) and Secret Council of Justice Bernhard Karl Gottfried Baron Godin did however not permit that and Marie Amelie lived in retirement at home and began to work as a writer herself .	writer
female	18	"he also mentioned the unique process of Beyoncé : "" The way she works , she is a writer in herself ."	writer
female	17	She was educated at private schools and was inspired by her father 's nurse to become a nurse herself .	nurse
female	20	The latter became an integral literary and social influence , always reading to Stilson and encouraging her to become a writer herself .	writer
female	14	"Described as "" funny "" but also "" kind of sad "" by the writer herself , vocalist and guitarist Courtney Love has proclaimed that this is one of the favorite songs she has written ."	writer
female	11	His wife Maud Heinesen ( born Brimheim ) later became a writer herself , a children 's writer .	writer
female	1	A writer herself in her early years , she was primarily known for her encouragement and promotion of New Zealand writers .	writer
female	3	Raskin was a writer at BuzzFeed video where she was featured in a number of videos , both by herself and with Dunn .	writer
female	24	His sister Eliza Ann Youmans , in addition to being of great help to Edward in dealing with his blindness , was a science writer herself , chiefly on botanical subjects .	writer
female	19	Kendon had four children by his wife , Elizabeth Cecilia Phyllis Kendon ( née Horne ) - a school teacher herself .	teacher
female	7	After graduating , she became a school teacher herself .	teacher
female	11	For example , the story of Eva , who is a housekeeper herself and represents the life and daily situations that many domestic workers face in regards to deportation .	housekeeper
female	20	After the Communist occupation and takeover of Hungary between 1947 and 1948 , Ban became a 7th and 8th grade teacher herself .	teacher
female	4	She apparently became a teacher herself to supplement the family 's meagre income .	teacher
female	44	Born in Ashfield , Massachusetts , Hall grew up on a farm with his parents , Granville Bascom Hall , who served on the Massachusetts legislature , and Abigail Beals , who attended school at Albany Female Seminary and went on to become a teacher herself .	teacher
female	12	In 1977 their daughter Rebecca Hohlbein was born , who became a writer herself too .	writer
female	16	The daughter of an elementary school director , Kristan - Tollmann initially wanted to become a teacher herself .	teacher
female	29	The next eleven years were difficult for Keeler , as his writing drifted even further beyond the norm and short stories written by his wife ( a moderately successful writer herself ) were found increasingly within his novels .	writer
female	6	Instead , it was her personal assistant herself who is involved in the embezzlement .	assistant
female	5	His wife became a published writer herself .	writer
female	17	across the road at Scrimmage 's Finishing School for Young Ladies , Miss Scrimmage hires a new assistant for herself , Miss Gloria Peabody - a former U. S. Marine who is as hated by the girls as Wizzle is by the boys .	assistant
female	1	The writer herself declared in the prologue of the book that the story of this book is an extraordinary stroke of luck .	writer
female	26	Ter - Mikelov 's mother was an educated woman who graduated the Tbilisi High School of Young Ladies with Golden Cross Honors and eventually became a teacher herself .	teacher
female	3	As a child laborer herself , Ma .	laborer
female	16	The situation has gotten so desperate , that the Queen of Romania , had become a nurse herself , and started working on the front lines , attending to injured people .	nurse
female	2	Another Hispanic nurse who distinguished herself in service was Lieutenant Maria Roach .	nurse
female	5	In room 208 , a teacher , who had previously been spared from Steinhäuser , locked herself up with her class .	teacher
female	12	The series revolves around Miss Machiko Mai , a new elementary school teacher who wears a revealing red mini - skirt , and regularly finding herself in accidental sexual situations .	teacher
female	2	Sally 's assistant , Belle Goldman , has been intercepting Douglas 's numerous disturbed letters , responding herself and asking him to stop .	assistant
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	5	His sister , an English teacher in San Marcos , continued to introduce herself as the sister to John to new students .	teacher
female	13	The plot centers on the life of Antonieta Rivas Mercado , a Mexican writer who killed herself inside Paris ' Notre Dame in 1931 .	writer
female	10	The main protagonist , Sandy , is a candy store clerk who attaches herself to a script writer named Virgil , who promises career contacts and gives her a picaresque tour through cultural hell .	clerk
female	8	The Puerto Rico Teachers Association annually awards the teacher who has distinguished himself or herself in the field of public or private education with the National Medal Rafael Cordero .	teacher
female	1	His assistant , Dr. Kimiko Kujo , reveals herself to be the leader of the organization that created the virus .	assistant
female	11	Along the way , this solitary and somewhat disconnected and bewildered writer frees herself to finish a novel and re - establish a broken relationship with her own past .	writer
female	15	At least two suicides resulted from his exposés , including a New York City elementary teacher , Minnie Gutride , a 40-year - old Russian - American widow , who killed herself by putting her head inside a gas oven in her Manhattan apartment after being fired by William Jansen , the NYC school superintendent .	teacher
female	29	Forest Steven Whitaker was born on July 15 , 1961 , in Longview , Texas , the son of Laura Francis ( née Smith ) , a special education teacher who put herself through college and earned two master 's degrees while raising her children , and Forest E. Whitaker Jr. , an insurance salesman .	teacher
female	4	Although a trained registered nurse , Emmie Chanika continued to educate herself and among other qualifications obtained her Master of Science degree in Strategic Planning in 2007 .	nurse
female	4	Meanwhile , the music teacher kills herself .	teacher
female	6	To cure this , the school counselor orders her to strip in front of the art class and masturbate herself to the point of orgasm .	counselor
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	9	Proving more successful than she had wished , the nurse soon finds herself at the mercy of the aroused commander .	nurse
female	2	A former nurse , Criscuolo prides herself on offering healthy food .	nurse
female	30	The series follows Keith Church ( David Walliams ) , a socially naive chemistry teacher at the fictional Greybridge Secondary School , near Watford , who falls for new French teacher Sarah Postern ( Catherine Tate ) , who believes herself to be an inspirational teacher , in tune with youth culture and a beautiful woman .	teacher
female	17	Sister Margherita Marchione ( born February 19 , 1922 ) is an American Roman Catholic sister , writer , teacher and apologeticist , who dedicated herself in her later years to the defense of Pope Pius XII .	writer
female	1	The nurse reveals herself to be Dr. Butler 's wife , Stephanie , who says it is for her own pain .	nurse
female	2	Convenience store clerk and 16-year - old suburban wise - ass Pella Suzuki suddenly finds herself in the middle of it all , heir to an empire she could not possibly inherit , but hitmen on both sides are not taking any chances .	clerk
female	10	After he falls asleep Joey is seduced by an attractive nurse who , after restraining him supposedly for sex , reveals herself as Freddy Krueger .	nurse
female	18	"Katie Hasty concluded : "" For a song that goes for 5 + minutes , about a legendary writer that drowns herself , titled for a famous painted work and performed by Florence +"	writer
female	6	During the First World War a nurse disguises herself as a man and carries her wounded fiancé 's important military dispatches .	nurse
female	8	She often entertains herself by making her office assistant do funny tricks , or shocking herself with a stun - gun .	assistant
female	4	"The daughter of a hairdresser in an Andalusian family , she describes herself as being from a working - class family , saying , "" My mother and I are both young , and all I know is that my family experienced hunger back then , and that sticks with you ."	hairdresser
female	7	When the empress dies , Wet - Nurse Rong commits suicide by stabbing herself , so that she can serve her mistress in the afterlife .	nurse
female	17	The film is based on the story of Gabrielle Russier , a 32-year - old divorced French teacher in Marseille who killed herself on 1 September 1969 after being found guilty of corruption of a minor .	teacher
female	2	A former nurse , she had later become a teacher but found herself out of work when the schools shut .	nurse
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	2	The elderly housekeeper , Mary Prowd , who had befriended Cook a quarter century before , could not restrain herself .	housekeeper
female	9	Over the course of hundreds of hours the mistress tailor filmed herself while making a three - piece suit .	tailor
female	2	A mistress tailor films herself in the creative production of a three - piece suit :  	tailor
female	30	"25 % of people in Switzerland who use assisted death do not have a terminal illness but are "" tired of life "" , for example the retired British art teacher who killed herself on 27 March 2014 "" in part because she had become fed up with the modern world of emails , TVs , computers and supermarket ready meals "" ."	teacher
female	1	The teacher , knowing she would be executed for sheltering partisans , killed herself immediately .	teacher
female	1	The writer cast herself as part of the book , writing about being invited by the municipality to write about the city .	writer
female	15	Aunt Livia leaves , and Uncle Jack attempts to have sex with Candy ; a nurse enters and wrestles him away from the girl , who escapes , only to find herself in the lair of young Dr. Krankeit , who is studying the salutary effects of masturbation .	nurse
female	7	In time , however , the Belgian nurse revealed herself as a diligent worker , a good friend , and a woman with a secret : she had just left the convent after 17 years of struggle with her vows .	nurse
female	8	Kathy ( Sharni Vinson ) is a young nurse that is eager to prove herself in her new job in an isolated psychiatric clinic .	nurse
female	12	Meanwhile , Shortland Street 's first issue - based storyline occurred when Nurse Jaki Manu ( Nancy Brunning ) pricked herself with a needle that had been used on an HIV positive patient , Deborah ( Lisa Chappell ) .	nurse
female	5	"When still a comparatively unknown writer , Bergengren , passing by the name of "" Margaret Allston "" , introduced herself to the readers of the "" Ladies ' Home Journal "" in a series of chapters called "" Her Boston Experiences "" , with:—""I was twenty - two years old when first went to Boston to visit the family of my father 's eldest brother , Mr. John Allston , who at an early age there settled into business prosperity ."	writer
female	11	He also is attracted to Dawn Gillis , a courageous missionary teacher who is half Indian herself that teaches in an Indian school .	teacher
female	21	"The first person to yell out an audience participation line during a screening was Louis Farese Jr. , a normally quiet teacher who , upon seeing the character Janet place a newspaper over her head to protect herself from rain , yelled , "" "" Buy an umbrella you cheap bitch "" "" ."	teacher
female	7	Tilton also appears when Abigail Crain 's Nurse - Companion hangs herself at the top of the spiral staircase in the library .	nurse
female	29	Although uncredited actress Rosemary Dorken is seen climbing the stairs and going past the camera , it is Tilton 's body that suddenly appears in shot again as the Nurse - Companion hangs herself .	nurse
female	6	In Montreal , an elementary school teacher hangs herself .	teacher
female	23	"In the stories she and Tom tell , she casts herself in the role of "" Hero "" , Tom Lynn 's girl assistant , who must disguise herself as a boy ."	assistant
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
female	23	Copps , 29 , a rookie MPP for Hamilton Centre since 1981 and daughter of former Hamilton Mayor Victor Copps , was riding assistant to outgoing leader Smith for four years before being elected herself .	assistant
female	23	A mountain cave not too far from the academy holds a massive army of Strigoi , among them being Sonya Karp , a teacher with Spirit Magic that turned herself Strigoi after being driven insane by her magic .	teacher
female	16	"While there , she received a letter from the community in Salamanca , in which the writer had signed herself as "" Superior "" ."	writer
female	18	Moreover , there is also some girl fighting action between Lino 's Spanish waitress girlfriend and Tremaine 's assistant that portrays herself to be bisexual .	assistant
female	1	The writer of the series Else Holmelund Minarik would die herself only two months later on July 12 , 2012 , at the age of 91 .	writer
female	9	Vicki becomes nervous when she realizes she is the teacher that made the report and excuses herself to the restroom .	teacher
female	4	"Megan Ganz , a writer who worked with Harmon on "" Community "" responded , naming herself as a victim in said misconduct ."	writer
female	5	She was considered a normalist teacher who overcame her class limitations and gender stereotypes by inserting herself into groups with intellectual interests .	teacher
female	13	"Julie Burchill ( born 3 July 1959 ) is an English journalist , writer and broadcaster who describes herself as a "" militant feminist "" ."	writer
female	5	She poses as a British nurse taking care of a temporarily blinded Ridge before revealing herself to family and friends in May 1995 .	nurse
female	45	"Where Bloom wonders how the male author can find a voice that is his own , Gilbert and Gubar – building on Virginia Woolf 's analysis of the "" difficulty ... that they had no tradition behind them "" – emphasise the problem a woman writer may have in seeing herself as possessing a literary voice at all , given the absence of a maternal precursor ."	writer
female	1	A teacher finds herself with a large gambling debt that she has to pay off in an unusual way .	teacher
female	12	The children seem almost inconsolable at the loss of so amiable a teacher who left a home of affluence and devoted herself so self - sacrificingly to help in the great work of elevating the nation 's freedmen .	teacher
female	8	Accompanying herself on piano , she tracked down writer Randy Newman to help finish the song .	writer
female	8	Finding herself touring frequently , she hired a housekeeper to take care of domestic needs .	housekeeper
female	12	"In his etching "" Saturday Night "" , he depicts a female hairdresser readying herself for a night on the town ."	hairdresser
female	9	Soon after , the mean nurse finds the young nurse drawing blood on herself .	nurse
female	24	Meanwhile , Lisa 's ambitious sister , Lucinda Knoxx ( Julian Wells ) , uses the same genetic engineering techniques that Patricia 's science teacher , Dr. Dowell ( Michael R. Thomas ) , had used on a spider on herself , and gains a villainous alter - ego , the sexy and evil genius Femtilian .	teacher
female	21	While the Springs are planning Janie 's wedding , Janie 's siblings and a few of her friends discover that the writer may be Hannah herself , and contact the FBI agent who is handling Janie 's case .	writer
female	10	Despite this , Chris was suspended ; apparently , the teacher spent the money on herself instead of turning it in to her superiors .	teacher
female	24	"She had lost interest in the hobby over time until , on the "" Wheel of Fortune "" set , she noticed her pregnant hairdresser was crocheting a baby blanket for herself ."	hairdresser
female	1	Another analyst testified she did not find evidence that Cindy Anthony had searched certain terms she claimed to have searched .	analyst
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	14	The menopausal patient needs someone in whom she has confidence -- preferably her family physician or obstetrician-gynecologist -- to take the time to explain the changes of menopause , answer questions , and allay fears .	physician
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	21	"Shortly after , during a six - month run in a revue called "" Twice in a Blue Moon "" , Driver and her sister parted company with their mother following a cardiac asthma attack which restricted her mobility ."	driver
female	6	Josh fires Hayley , thinking the manager dislikes her due to her disability .	manager
female	5	"Michalis is Eleni 's "" manager "" and also in love with her ; however , she hates him ."	manager
female	27	There was an image compatible with left hydrosalpinx ( 6 mm in diameter ) in her ultrasonographic examination that had not been detected before by the same physician using the same ultrasound equipment .	physician
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	35	Born in Timmins , Ontario , Kreiner was an alpine racing prodigy in Canada , the youngest of six children of Margaret ( Peggy ) and Harold O. Kreiner ( 1920–1999 ) , a Timmins physician and her coach until she made the national team .	physician
female	7	Conservative treatment was performed by the team physician with rest , ice therapy and analgesics for 20 days , but she had recurrent injuries .	physician
female	6	This article describes how a ward manager and her deputy , as clinical leads , have encouraged staff to engage with patients and carers by designing innovative and different communication approaches .	manager
female	6	According to news reports , the driver of the minibus attempted to rape Özgecan , but she resisted by using pepper spray .	driver
female	0	"Lawyer , Eardley Jackson , challenged her position as judge because women were not considered "" persons "" under the British North America Act 1867 ."	lawyer
female	41	Through a regression lasting for about a year , a patient was able to live the experience of ' primitive agonies ' and that of an unbearable helplessness and , at the same time , was able to feel how the analyst supported her sense of existence .	analyst
female	3	"In 2010 , Driver discussed her character , saying , "" "" Coronation Street "" characters tend to fit into one of two camps ."	driver
female	13	Natural and appropriate body movement was easily misinterpreted , such as when the physician looked downward to write notes or looked upward when contemplating her response to the patient .	physician
female	2	The firms manager , Hendrick ' Hank ' Courtney Jr. is baffled by her performance , and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands .	manager
female	15	By examining this patient and analyzing all her symptoms and her clinical state , the physician enters information about the chances of survival of this woman in three scenarios : in an ICU , in a hospital ward , and during isolation at home .	physician
female	7	At Volume 22 Del Rey ' s manager , Larry Sweeney , announced she did not need to face Deeb having beaten her twice already and that Del Rey ' s only goal was to reclaim the Shimmer Championship .	manager
female	6	After arrival at Brunsbüttel the armed guard left and she was at anchor for three weeks with a full German crew .	guard
female	3	Former IndyCar Series driver Simona de Silvestro tested the during her time with the team .	driver
female	2	However a guard covers her mouth from behind and drags her out .	guard
female	5	For example , a resident physician may be undergoing stress with her patients or at home , but can not express these feelings toward patients or toward her family members , so she channels these negative emotions toward vulnerable students in the form of intimidation , control or subjugation .	physician
female	5	Her father is a practising lawyer and her mother runs a dance school .	lawyer
female	5	During that time , the manager of the hotel her mother was working in , suggested that she has a beautiful face with a vibrant smile and should start modelling and fixed a meeting with Marc Robinson .	manager
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	2	Amber 's physician referred her to Bridge the gApp after learning of Amber 's bad experience with counselling and she already knew that Amber did not want medication .	physician
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	7	"During the trial of her co - manager , Damion "" D - Roc "" Butler , and her bodyguard , Suif "" Gutta "" Jackson , a former member of the hip hop group Junior M.A.F.I.A , she testified not to have known they were at the scene ."	manager
female	29	In South Carolina , her parents had been sharecroppers , growing cotton and tobacco , and when they moved to New York , her father worked as a cab driver and her mother as a domestic aid then a nurse .	driver
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	1	"Research analyst Kalli Raptis wrote in her book "" Nagorno - Karabakh and the Eurasian Transport Corridor "" , """	analyst
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	6	Mannara 's mother is a jewellery designer and her father is a lawyer .	designer
female	2	The stage manager gives her encouraging advice .	manager
female	6	Tsukiko Sagi , a shy character designer who created the immensely popular pink dog Maromi , finds herself under pressure to repeat her success .	designer
female	1	Their physician dismisses her symptoms as relating to insomnia .	physician
female	16	In her account , after a day of being locked in the trailer , a sympathetic guard gave her a cell phone and she called her father .	guard
female	4	She manipulates a supply driver for Disneyland to get herself and her allies to their new hideouts .	driver
female	7	The second woman said that a male guard had observed her gynecological exam and subsequently sexually harassed her .	guard
female	1	"Costume designer Julie Weiss was also nominated for her work , but lost out to James Acheson of "" Restoration "" ."	designer
female	4	In this practice a physician limits her consultations by optimally preparing patients for their subsequent encounter with the responsible clinician .	physician
female	3	One day the manager at the complex that they stay in tells them that they can no longer stay there and she is having a friend take over .	manager
female	12	This event cemented the growing partnership with Stella Jean , as the designer is expanding her work to more countries where the Initiative works :	designer
female	15	Transformation occurs only when Orpha relinquishes her hold over the dissociated psyche , trusts the analyst to join her , surrendering her exclusive role and place , and the therapist takes over its reviving functions , though not , now , at the cost of emotional detachment .	analyst
female	15	"She is the eldest of three children , with her father working as a jeepney driver and her mother as a laundry washer or "" labandera "" ( hired to wash other people 's clothes ) ."	driver
female	2	Regular 144 driver Josie Millward received recognition in the form of a First Superstar award in July 2007 for her actions during the severe flooding in Worcestershire in 2007 .	driver
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	9	Her father , William Patterson Allen , was a lawyer and her mother , Mary Rice Hayes Allen , was a college teacher at the Virginia Seminary and College , a historically black institution now known as Virginia University of Lynchburg .	lawyer
female	1	The designer opened her first retail location in 1992 at 113 Greene Street in New York City 's Soho District .	designer
female	1	American guard Alison Schwagmeyer was named Grand Final MVP for her performance , with 25 points , seven rebounds and three assists .	guard
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	She talked about her career as a lawyer and her change of life , from the bar to the scene .	lawyer
female	2	Moroccan truck driver Boujemaa Lamrabat was sentenced to life in prison for her murder in September 2019 .	driver
female	0	"Farmer continued her stage work and accepted a role in a Purdue Summer Theatre production of Ketti Frings ' "" Look Homeward , Angel "" after the demise of her television host role ."	farmer
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	2	Silver Stars guard Shanna Crossley tore the ACL in her left knee during a preseason game against the Detroit Shock .	guard
female	0	Farmer asked her sister , Brigitte Gautier , to design the cover , which she produced using a photo from a 2001 book about Farmer , recolouring it to fit the theme .	farmer
female	19	"In 2020 , Sud developed "" The Stranger "" , a Quibi horror web series about an unassuming rideshare driver who is terrorized by her sociopathic passenger ."	driver
female	5	Her grandfather was the renowned physician and criminologist Cesare Lombroso , and her aunts , Gina Lombroso and Paola Lombroso Carrara , were well known Italian writers and educators .	physician
female	6	A 76-year-old woman consulted her local physician because she experienced anal pain during defecation .	physician
female	2	The referring physician indicated that she subsequently developed benign pleural effusions and had talc pleurodesis to limit recurrence .	physician
female	1	The guard denies her request , but Niki asks persistently , advancing on the guard as she does so .	guard
female	1	"The designer of Dior Fine Jewelry Victoire de Castellane launched her own watch named "" Le D de Dior "" ( French : "" The D of Dior "" ) ."	designer
female	23	One of the men accused of raping Shelton was   41-year - old defendant Thomas Alfred Taylor whose court - appointed criminal defense lawyer was 27-year - old Hillary Rodham in her first - time appearance as courtroom litigator .	lawyer
female	1	Another analyst testifies she did not find evidence that Cindy Anthony had searched certain terms she claimed to have searched .	analyst
female	12	She was raised in British Columbia by her mother , a produce manager and her father , a home economics teacher .	manager
female	19	Today she is looking to sell off its Donna Karan business , less than a year after the fashion designer stepped down from her namesake brand .	designer
female	30	Milly is intoxicated and April suggests that Frank drive Milly home to release the babysitters at each house , while she and Shep wait for the blocking car ' s driver to return .	driver
female	12	Paris was the final destination during the winter show season and British designer Vivienne Westwood made her the lead model in her show .	designer
female	4	Her stepfather is a carpenter and her father , who died , worked in an oil refinery .	carpenter
female	4	"was a British costume designer , who was nominated for Academy Awards for her designs on "" Agatha "" ( 1979 ) and "" Reds "" ( 1981 ) ."	designer
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	5	The film ends as the driver is taking her son to his grandma 's house .	driver
female	27	She was born in the country parish of Agunnaryd in Småland as the illegitimate daughter of the farmhand Ingjerd Svensdotter by an unknown father , although the farmer Anders Persson was unofficially pointed out ha her father , and grew up with her mother and maternal grandparents in a cottage reserved for the parish destitute .	farmer
female	7	1 . Of her signing , Reading manager Kelly Chambers said , ' I have known of Kayleigh 's ability for a long time .	manager
female	10	Apparently now disbelieving in a link between them , the manager asks Susan for her address , and Martin appears to make a mental note when she offers it .	manager
female	9	A nurse who was run over by a hit-and-run driver who stole her car was recovering from serious injuries in an Oxford hospital last week .	driver
female	2	Her fund manager husband looked down on her poor family , even though her parents had spent their entire retirement fund to give her a dream wedding .	manager
female	10	In May 2018 , it was revealed that Msimanga 's chief of staff Marietha Aucamp had been dishonest about her qualifications .	chief
female	1	A farmer gave her shelter , and she gave birth to a son , Ameer Ali .	farmer
female	1	The Manager , Linda Pittom ( then Palmer ) and her team , worked to ensure that not only the ' VIP ' official opening , the celebrations for those working on the project and the very first Wedding Ceremony at Hylands , and the celebrations of the public open days were a success .	manager
female	5	The situation of a forensic physician in organization of the execution of justice in the USA , his/ her competencies and range of activities are completely distinct to those characterizing a forensic physician in Poland .	physician
female	3	Apart from the driver himself or herself , these are the doctor who prescribed the drug and the manufacturer who manufactured the drug .	driver
female	2	The family physician can play an important role in helping the patient and her family cope with the emotional aspects of pregnancy loss .	physician
female	9	Three years later , in 1939 , the Japanese physician Dr. Kikuko Hirose , offered Ritsuo Kato ( her former husband ) pastries spiked with S. enterica serovar Typhi and S. enterica serovar Paratyphi .	physician
female	8	Mrs Z has been advised by her infertility physician to consider the transfer of a single embryo , but she does not wish to decrease her likelihood of conception , and , after her long and expensive infertility saga , wishes to conceive twins .	physician
female	4	From that time the designer choosed her very individual way supperted by strong partners such as The Space Cinema in Piazza Duomo e la Rinascente Milano in february 2020 .	designer
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	16	Suzanne is brought to trial for adultery and is almost stoned to death before a sympathetic lawyer comes to her rescue and reveals the nefarious plot .	lawyer
female	7	Sources differ as to whether an armed guard sat on either side of her , as was done for other prisoners during the trial .	guard
female	10	Her father , Emmett Hay Naylor , a trade association lawyer and her mother , Ruth Houston Caldwell , were married on January 17 , 1914 .	lawyer
female	3	A delivery truck driver named Lawrence Herbert apprehended her 16-year - old assailant , for which he was later rewarded by Donald Trump with a check that kept him from losing his home to foreclosure .	driver
female	1	Wales manager Jayne Ludlow moved Green from her usual position as a defender to play as a centre - forward for a match against Finland , in which she scored ..	manager
female	35	Further incidents continued to take place in Montgomery , including the arrest for disorderly conduct in May 1951 of Lillie Mae Bradford , who refused to leave the white passengers ' section until the bus driver corrected an incorrect charge on her transfer ticket .	driver
female	0	Designer Patricia Zipprodt was nominated for a Tony Award and Drama Desk Award for her costume designs on the “ Alice in Wonderland ” revival .	designer
female	2	The Indian chief banishes Maclean and Cat settles in with the ship , but deep down she wants to return home .	chief
female	32	Unlike a dairy cow which is parted from her calf when it is born and then gives milk for six to nine months , a camel can share her milk with the farmer and her calf for 12–18 months .	farmer
female	19	In an era when women were not admitted to the University of Edinburgh and when England 's first female physician ( Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , 1836 - 1917 ) had to venture to Paris , France , to earn her M.D. in 1870 , the career of Mary Broadfoot Walker ( Figure 1 ) ( 1988 - 1974 ) stands out for truly remarkable achievement .	physician
female	1	The designer also created a line of home accessories called Swell , based on a book series she co - wrote with friend Ilene Rosenzweig , which made its debut at Target in 2003 .	designer
female	3	Instead Vidkun 's lawyer read several statements from her in his defense .	lawyer
female	16	"In her review of "" The Crisis of Marxist Ideology in Eastern Europe "" , political analyst Juliana Geran Pilon calls Tismăneanu 's book "" the best analysis of Marxist philosophy since Leszek Kołakowski 's monumental trilogy "" Main Currents of Marxism "" ."	analyst
female	2	A truck driver named Alvaro ( Burt Lancaster ) pulls her off the priest , but she tears Alvaro 's shirtfront in her attack .	driver
female	3	Waleed was the lawyer of both Samar Badawi , and her brother Raif Badawi .  	lawyer
female	12	Her father , Raymond W. Lewis , Jr. , was an aerospace designer and her mother , Dorothy Borwick Lewis McIntyre a recreation director .	designer
female	26	Superstitious , she also insisted on dressing room 55 because that was her lucky number and required that Hubert de Givenchy , her long - time designer , be given a credit in the film for her perfume .	designer
female	2	Former bar manager of Cheers , Rebecca Howe , was dumped by her plumber husband Don Santry , who became rich after a successful plumbing invention , and then she became despondent and settled her life back at the bar without intent to work there again .	manager
female	7	Arthur Gilpin , the African - American janitor who discovered the body , is arrested and charged with her murder .	janitor
female	1	The lawyer warns her that she is under oath and can be charged with perjury .	lawyer
female	3	He was a physician and 28 years her senior .	physician
female	4	A small - scale farmer herself , Deatrick co - founded the Michigan Small Farm Council to advocate for small farming operations across the state .	farmer
female	2	Walmart truck driver Gary Lewellen extinguished the fire in her car during the accident .	driver
female	1	The lawyer tells that her father left only a mangalsutra in her name , and she is shocked upon knowing that the property is transferred to a person named Ram , who stays in Bhutan .	lawyer
female	27	"Now I 'm waiting on a decision now and hopefully this time they will give it to me . "" Her "" fight "" included hiring a lawyer to push her application through and finally end her waiting ."	lawyer
female	2	One female farmer who relied on her mother for childcare described how , upon returning home from the fields , she found her daughter 's diaper had gone unchanged all day .	farmer
female	1	The cook says that she can stay if she wants , but Hushpuppy says that she ' s got to go home .	cook
female	2	Charlie 's lawyer , Bristow ( Raymond Burr ) , is $ 6,000 in her debt and therefore might be involved in the gold theft .	lawyer
female	0	Farmer then served as President of Rhode Island PBS until her retirement in 2004 and the Rhode Island Board of Elections .  	farmer
female	19	After her court appearance , while trying to explain the scrutiny which the Kirilow 's case triggered , the lawyer said :	lawyer
female	5	A self - taught clothing designer , Immonen opened her first design boutique in Helsinki during World War II in 1942 which grew into a success despite the shortages of the ensuing years .	designer
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a maths teacher .	physician
female	5	Lenora 's father was a farmer and her mother , Amanda Hall , worked as a maid in Fort Worth , sending money back home to the family .	farmer
female	11	Pooja is daughter of famous criminal lawyer and who is a lawyer herself .	lawyer
female	19	Rebecca spent most of her working life with Phillimore & Co. publishers , working in warehousing as a delivery driver and Sales Rep. Working her way through the ranks of the company she eventually joined the Board as Marketing Director .	driver
female	8	Over the course of their conversation , the driver raises her voice to her son and tensions escalate .	driver
female	6	In the next vignette , the driver is picking up her son , Amin , from her ex - husband who has been taking care of him .	driver
female	1	A physician appears and notifies Suzi that she has contracted an STD .	physician
female	2	Rodney 's lawyer Steven Cord digs into her past and contacts Richard Jensen , her former boyfriend with whom she stole fabricated documents .	lawyer
female	5	Her mother is a graphic designer and her father , who died when Carré was a teenager , was a designer and forensic animator .	designer
female	1	The physician must familiarize himself or herself with dance terminology , common moves , correct technique , and dancer 's mentality .	physician
female	11	Indira Jaising ( born 3 June 1940 ) is an Indian lawyer who is noted for her legal activism in promoting human right causes .	lawyer
female	5	Her father is a truck driver and her mother an accountant .	driver
female	9	Jacqueline Moudeina ( born 1957 ) is a Chadian lawyer and human rights activist , who is known for her work in bringing Hissène Habré to justice for crimes against humanity , as well as those who worked with him .	lawyer
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	6	Tian Wenhua , Chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu and Secretary of the Sanlu Communist Party chapter was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the CCP ; four Shijiazhuang officials , including vice mayor in charge of food and agriculture , Zhang Fawang , were reportedly removed from office .	manager
female	14	While she was at the navy yard , she also exchanged her Marine Corps guard for one composed of soldiers from the 71st New York Regiment .	guard
female	6	"Three days later , "" Empire Driver "" departed the Clyde for Milford Haven , Pembrokeshire , where she arrived on 28 December ."	driver
female	6	We present a 74-year old female farmer who had injured her left shoulder and was diagnosed with a bipolar segmental clavicle fracture .	farmer
female	9	One of the group , teenager and ex - mechanic Mona Vasquez , introduces herself , and tells Cosmo about the other two :	mechanic
female	0	"Driver went to school at Wilbraham Road and was later joined there by her younger sister Freda , who shared a class with a young Patricia Manfield — later known as Pat Phoenix , the actress who went on to play the role of Elsie Tanner in "" Coronation Street "" ."	driver
female	19	43 For example , perhaps only one 84-year-old woman died in Omaha county , USA , so that the analyst could with further investigation fi nd the name of this individual and what she died of .	analyst
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	1	French designer and art collector Hubert de Givenchy worked with Lane on her first major coverage of European art and the art market .	designer
female	3	A Jewish interior designer living in New York City , she lives with her gay best friend , Will Truman ( played by Eric McCormack ) , for a majority of the series .	designer
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	12	She tells them she has been receiving threats , so they stand guard in the living room while she sleeps .	guard
female	4	Later investigation showed the driver had stopped her car over the open steel grating on the bridge 's span and that a gust of wind through the grating blew her vehicle off the bridge , although this is not supported by recorded wind speed measurements taken on and around the bridge at the time of the accident .	driver
female	26	When , two years ago , both local and national advertising had failed to fill health visitor vacancies in parts of her area , Wirral locality manager Frances Wilson knew that she had to come up with some new ideas .	manager
female	13	"After her failed relationships with rich men in the past , the bar manager Rebecca Howe ( Kirstie Alley ) and the plumber Don Santry ( Tom Berenger ) start dating each other in the preceding episode , "" The Guy Ca n't Help It "" ( 1993 ) ."	manager
female	1	Her manager boasted that she found the correct pantomime at the right time without requiring stage direction .	manager
female	8	Her father was a commercial real - estate developer and her mother a homemaker .	developer
female	2	The fashion designer Izawa had made the long journey down with her own handmade wedding dress with the intention of fulfill the couple 's plans of marriage .	designer
female	17	Luckily , when Brother Eye later casts Michael on Earth , Vienna is traveling with her sleazy manager , Pete Rollins , and her fellow showgirls to their new job , and mistaking Michael for the victim of an ultralight aircraft accident , rushes to give him first aid .	manager
female	17	"However , due to the Pope 's popularity in Argentina , Cristina Kirchner made what the political analyst Claudio Fantini called a "" Copernican shift "" in her relations with him and fully embraced the Francis phenomenon ."	analyst
female	6	Yvonne is a skilled area car driver and serves as Acting Sergeant twice ; once while June Ackland is on her honeymoon and the other time when Sergeant Dale Smith is wrongly imprisoned for murder .	driver
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	4	"In March 2007 , Driver made her return to television in the FX Network show "" The Riches "" ."	driver
female	12	Her mother , Patricia MacTaggart , is a London - based interior designer and her father , Xavier Botana , is an Argentinian artist who lives in Buenos Aires .	designer
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	9	Maria Montessori , born in 1870 , was a physician and educator who became known around the world for the educational method that bears her name , and for her writings on pedagogy .	physician
female	1	The Driver then tries to find the hostage before she drowns in the trunk of a sinking car .	driver
female	3	The South Australian cook Maggie Beer has popularised the use of verjuice in her cooking and it is being used increasingly in South Australian restaurants .	cook
female	1	The driver , however , immediately ran away from the place and when caught by police , she had a Blood Alcohol Concentration ( BAC ) of 0.128 % , which can lead to driving licence revocation .	driver
female	8	"Her father , Oliver Cooper , is a farmer in Suffolk , and her mother , Miranda ( "" née "" Holland ) , worked in London and Paris as a designer , making clothes for Elton John , amongst others ."	farmer
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	13	"Hannah Fletcher ( born November 1 , 1990 ) is a real estate developer and American television personality , who is best known for her role as a contestant on the twentieth season of ABC 's "" The Bachelor "" and as the lead on the twelfth season of "" The Bachelorette "" ."	developer
female	0	Farmer remade many times the scene with her galloping horse and finally succeeded ; however , the dangerous scenes were performed by a stuntman .	farmer
female	4	Her father , a farmer , was born in East Guilford , Vermont on November 1 , 1786 , and her mother , a descendant of Dutch pioneers , on July 10 , 1792 , at Salisbury , Connecticut .	farmer
female	3	In 2020 , lawyer and politician Leslyn Lewis announced her candidacy in the 2020 Conservative Party of Canada leadership election , becoming the first ethnic minority figure to run for the leadership of the Conservatives .	lawyer
female	0	Driver has lived in Flemington since 2007 with her wife and their two sons .	driver
female	60	The physician must 1 ) withhold , withdraw , or fail to recommend a service that , in the physician 's best clinical judgment , is in the patient 's best medical interests ; 2 ) act primarily to promote the financial interests of someone other than the patient ( including an organization , society at large , and the physician himself or herself ) ; and 3 ) have control over the use of the beneficial service .	physician
female	1	The cook set out herself .	cook
female	5	Luis Sanz , a Madrid manager who watched the show , was impressed by her talent and personality .	manager
female	4	Frank Stanley was her manager , as well as her partner in many duet recordings ; she also recorded with Harry Macdonough , and Henry Burr .	manager
female	5	"Yuyun cries out that the driver has stolen her bra , and the villagers chase the "" odong - odong "" and begin beating the driver ."	driver
female	15	Adkins father , George Hoadley Adkins , worked as a businessman as well as a farmer and her mother , Peal F. James - Adkins worked as a teacher at a local school .	farmer
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	2	A family physician would evaluate her mental status and establish a pharmacological treatment .	physician
female	17	Brierley went through a double training analysis of four years from 1927 onwards , becoming a training analyst herself in 1933 .	analyst
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	4	Her father was a carpenter and her mother a housewife .	carpenter
female	1	Camp cook , Juanita -LRB- Virginia Mendoza -RRB- becomes scared , thinking Trevor Moorehouse murdered James , and so decides she will leave the camp later that day .	cook
female	21	Donna grew up in a very wealthy Beverly Hills household , the only child of Dr. John Martin , a successful physician and her mother Felice Martin , a socialite .	physician
female	4	Her father was a driver and her mother a housewife .	driver
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	1	The Driver invites Irene to run away with him and the money but she slaps him in anger over her husband 's death and the Driver 's involvement .	driver
female	6	Her father was Maurycy , a lawyer and her mother Salomea .	lawyer
female	1	Her manager talked her round and within a week Bassingthwaighte auditioned for the show and won the role of Izzy .	manager
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	5	"Upon her return , practice manager Anthony Harker ( Adam Astill ) fires her and Niamh decides to move back to Ireland , following "" a final farewell "" with Al ."	manager
female	21	Instead of attending the play 's opening night , Rogan spends time in a bar , accompanied by a lady cab driver and her grandson ; earlier in the evening she misidentified Rogan as a local , small - time hoodlum but he does n't correct her misidentification .	driver
female	6	"Following her death , Siegel 's lawyer noted , "" All her life she carried the torch for Jerry and Joe — and other artists ."	lawyer
female	6	Jolie 's father is a wealthy physician and her mother died in the earthquake .	physician
female	5	Besides her work as a lawyer and her contributions to the Green Party Bundestag group , Anne Klein involved herself in professional associations .	lawyer
female	1	"The designer identified Sévérine through her sexuality , and wanted to showcase the character as "" sexy and exceptional and dark "" by having her appear as naked as possible ."	designer
female	0	Driver described her parents as absent of affection , stating that they never celebrated birthdays and rarely gave her toys and gifts .	driver
female	1	The farmer returns with her daughter - in - law and Lt Duvauchel , and she welcomes Chaudard .	farmer
female	8	Around the time of her wedding , her manager confirmed that she might take an indefinite break from the entertainment business .	manager
female	4	In 1913 , her physician suggested a long rest in Florida , and she followed his advice .	physician
female	10	On February 4 , it was reported that Khalip 's lawyer Tamara Harayeva had withdrawn from her defense team , giving no explanation .	lawyer
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	12	"It revolves around Jane Hall 's job training to be a bus driver and her home life in Hounslow , "" the arsehole of London "" ."	driver
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	36	His father was an assemblyman in the Wakayama Prefectural Assembly who had little time for his son ; his mother Kikue was the daughter of a physician and , unusual for that time , was a physician herself .	physician
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	7	Se - yeon is a beautiful prosecution lawyer at the top of her game , and Cha Min is her friend , an unattractive but rich heir to a cosmetics empire .	lawyer
female	1	"The chief of police who handled her case , Patrick Campbell , would recall her case decades later as "" a great one "" , and one of the most memorable of his career ."	chief
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	6	""" Figaroscope "" said that "" Farmer disappointed by her repeated absences [ on stage ] and a sound system ( ... ) grinding her fragile organ "" ."	farmer
female	0	Driver and her husband moved to South Africa but she returned a few months later , penniless , ending the marriage after seven years because of her husband ' s various infidelities .	driver
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	20	Claire begins to sign the document to finalize the adoption , but the pen runs out of ink ; the lawyer hands her another and it too fails to work .	lawyer
female	4	Her father was a physician and her mother a psychotherapist .	physician
female	8	At a Paris resort she meets a theatrical manager ( Warwick ) who is fascinated by her dancing .	manager
female	18	In 1959 , when Collins was 17 , she married Stu Carnall , who was Johnny Cash 's manager and twice her age .	manager
female	10	Saamiya Siddiqui ( Rani Mukerji ) , a budding Pakistani lawyer , is given prisoner 786 's defense as her first case .	lawyer
female	2	A drunken farmer tries to attack her , but she pierces and feeds on him before calling Hart to pick her up .	farmer
female	17	Several weeks postoperatively the patient underwent MRI of her spine , which was ordered by her primary physician for back pain .	physician
female	6	Her father worked as a truck driver and her family eventually settled in Brampton .	driver
female	6	Her father is a construction contracts manager and her mother works in the NHS .	manager
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	15	Upon hearing her faithful dog growling , Jane turned in time to see the Indian chief climbing on his pony with her dog hanging from his britches .	chief
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	12	"According to "" France Soir "" , in this song , "" Farmer generously lent us her fantasies on the dashing arrangements by L. Boutonnat "" ."	farmer
female	14	When Bosambo 's wife Lilongo ( Nina Mae McKinney ) is kidnapped , the chief tracks down her kidnappers .	chief
female	13	Her parents were immigrants from Jamaica , her father David working as a janitor and her mother working as a maid .	janitor
female	0	"Physician and sex columnist Hilda Hutcherson recommended the Magic Wand in her book "" Pleasure "" , and suggested women could place a soft cloth over their vulva if they felt it was needed to decrease delivered intensity from the device . """	physician
female	10	During the 2006 gubernatorial campaign , Crist ' s campaign manager said that she had resigned , amicably , over a difference of opinion on her contact with the press .	manager
female	6	At her trial , Yuru 's lawyer argued that , compared to the average 106 IQ in Taiwan , Lin 's one of 57 , coupled with her depression , should be considered an intellectual disability and thus , prevent the issue of the death penalty .	lawyer
female	5	A little girl said the driver made an obscene gesture to her as he cruised by her house .	driver
female	2	A point guard for the Oregon State University Beavers , Wiese ended her career with school records in assists and three pointers made .	guard
female	2	"Lewis ' lawyer stated that "" She 's not mentally retarded , but she is very , very close to it . """	lawyer
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	0	"Farmer "" has bewitched her fans in a show perfectly staged "" ( "" Le Matin Dimanche "" ) , "" the star offered a perfect show in every way "" ( "" 20 Minutes "" ) , but with "" a catastrophic sound system , an extremely predictable , little dynamic , little intimist singer ."	farmer
female	6	The young widow of the last chief refused to give up Dunvegan Castle to the next heir , knowing herself to be pregnant ( although she had only been married six weeks previous to her widowhood ) .	chief
female	23	After the refugee ' s death , Saunders began volunteering at St Luke ' s Home for the Dying Poor , where a physician told her that she could best influence the treatment of the terminally ill as a physician .	physician
female	23	In 1926 , in her first year as a student at the famous Bauhaus design school in Dessau , Germany , the textile designer Margaretha Reichardt undertook a preliminary course run by Josef Albers and László Moholy - Nagy .	designer
female	8	She will follow up with her primary care physician and hematologist/oncologist .	physician
female	5	Her mother is a fashion designer and her father works in the construction industry .	designer
female	19	At the 2004 Horatio Alger Award short biographical film , McDonald also spoke about an incident where a taxi driver apologized to her mother for the unpleasant smell in his car because a previous passenger had been an African - American .	driver
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	7	Chantal gained a reputation as an excellent manager of the estates of her husband , as well as of her difficult father - in - law , while also providing alms and nursing care to needy neighbors .	manager
female	4	As a palliative care physician and her daughter , I want nothing more than to be prepared to honor and respect her wishes should she fall ill with COVID-19 .	physician
female	14	She filed a complaint against the driver for attempted theft and kidnapping while the driver filed a claim against her for assault .	driver
female	1	"Costume designer Antonella Cannarozzi was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Costume Design for her work in the film , but the award went to Colleen Atwood for "" Alice in Wonderland "" ."	designer
female	11	Several months later she was inadvertently treated with diclofenac by another physician and again experienced thrombocytopenia , which again resolved on discontinuation of the drug and has not recurred since .	physician
female	16	Despite the poor reception on their live appearances on American television , the Pythons ' American manager , Nancy Lewis , began to push the show herself into the States .	manager
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	2	The apartment manager said she talked to painting people and that they would send me a check in the mail .	manager
female	12	"On 23 January 2019 , "" Vogue "" editor - in - chief Anna Wintour , in her keynote address for the Australian Open 's Inspirational Series , renewed calls for the arena 's renaming ."	chief
female	21	In 2013 , incumbent Democrat Evie Hudak chose to resign rather than face a recall election , and her former campaign manager Rachel Zenzinger was appointed to her seat .	manager
female	16	"Its lyrics outline the lives of various people across the United States — a school bus driver and her bus full of children in the first verse , and a pair of newlyweds ( a ' welder 's son and a banker 's daughter ' ) in their limousine in the second verse — before observing in the chorus that "" only in America "" do such people "" get to dream as big as [ they ] want to "" ."	driver
female	1	Her lawyer , Tomasi Tuitoga told Magistrate Aminiasi Katonivualiku that she was in hiding and could not appear .	lawyer
female	7	""" Ally McBeal "" follows an eccentric lawyer , Allison Marie "" Ally "" McBeal , and her group of friends from work , focusing on their personal and romantic lives , as well as their business cases which would often contrast or reinforce a character 's drama ."	lawyer
female	0	Farmer performed the song during her Timeless tour , debuted on 7 September 2013 .	farmer
female	5	Her father was a car mechanic and her mother an accountant .	mechanic
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	5	"Of her selection , mission manager Joseph Cremin wrote : "" The job ahead is difficult and the time is short which makes this assignment a significant challenge that will require the utmost dedication and perseverance of Dr. Johnston ."	manager
female	14	Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV , the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education .	manager
female	4	However , the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides , Maude Kennard ( Nina Foch ) , wants Cash for herself and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash 's girlfriend .	manager
female	5	Edie threatens to hire a lawyer so she can get full custody of Travers .	lawyer
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	11	A few days later , your staff notifies you that another physician has requested her records .	physician
female	4	May 13 , the guard told her that she would have to wait until the morning for medical attention , according to the suit .	guard
female	5	She consulted her primary care physician and recommended hospital care for possible stroke .	physician
female	2	The ships carpenter reported that she would not last more than six months .	carpenter
female	13	After ingestion , her gross random blood sugar level was increased , then physician suspected that she might be a Type I diabetic , but HbA1C[glycosylated hemoglobin ] levels was found normal .	physician
female	7	"In August 1994 , a burusera shop manager who made a schoolgirl sell her used underwear was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department on suspicion of violation of article 34 of the "" Child Welfare Act "" and article 175 of the "" Criminal Code "" ."	manager
female	3	"The Swedish lady driver Cecilia Koskill finished sixth in her Volkswagen 1100 in what was among the first appearances of the iconic "" beetle "" in a major rally ."	driver
female	2	The Ghanaian physician , scholar , university administrator and public servant Emmanuel Evans - Anfom delivered the eulogy at her funeral .	physician
female	5	"Björk approached Arca after her manager sent her Arca 's mixtape "" & & & & & "" ( 2013 ) ; Arca then DJ'ed at Björk 's Biophilia Tour afterparty and the two started working together afterwards ."	manager
female	4	Her father is a lawyer and her mother a civil servant .	lawyer
female	16	Dorothy Wright Liebes ( 14 October 1897 – 20 September 1972 ) was an American textile designer and weaver renowned for her innovative , custom - designed modern fabrics for architects and interior designers .	designer
female	11	Harriet Pearson Dustan , MD ( 1920–1999 ) was an American physician who is known for her pioneering contributions to effective detection and treatment of hypertension .	physician
female	1	The analyst lent the patient her ability to represent and produced a narrative that made it possible to create a world of phantasies and transform nightmares into ' dreamable ' dreams .	analyst
female	7	Her father Constantine Virsaladze was a prominent physician , so was her grandfather Spiridon Virsaladze .	physician
female	13	Weir took full advantage of the opportunity , using her training as a lawyer and her speaking skills to needle the government .	lawyer
female	11	"By illustrating a hypothetical case and the ensuing conversation between a physician and her patient , a mode of "" proportional "" patient advocacy is presented in which physicians can remain forceful agents for patient good while acting within a framework that admits to the boundaries of responsible budgets for health care needs ."	physician
female	1	Her lawyer insisted that the murder was self-defense and that she had been insane because of the rapes .	lawyer
female	17	We also offer a number of questions to promote contemplation of these issues by the critical care physician herself .	physician
female	1	The driver manages to evade her and she crashes her vehicle .	driver
female	0	Farmer took a liking to her immediately , and the two of them monopolized the conversation .	farmer
female	17	The patient requested an increase in her medication 2 months after beginning treatment and , after her physician denied her request , subsequently obtained pregabalin from other sources .	physician
female	15	Dolly Parton stars as country singer Leana Taylor who struggles to escape from her controlling manager / boyfriend , Hank ( John Terry ) , as well as her troubled past .	manager
female	17	There she was analysed first by Liliane Frey and then by Jung , eventually becoming a Jungian analyst herself .	analyst
female	1	The manager and her family lived in the original residence and eventually some of Tancreds ' more senior employees also lived in rooms in the original residence .	manager
female	7	In the second season , Annalise arranges lawyer and her ex - lover Eve Rothlo to take Nate 's case .	lawyer
female	2	A German lawyer specialising in such problems navigated her status through the Nazi minefield and make her free to leave Germany for good .	lawyer
female	6	Her father Olli Tapiola was a farmer and her mother Kerttu Tapiola was a housekeeper , art dealer and the owner of used bookstore .	farmer
female	12	Because of her war crimes at Auschwitz and Płaszów , the former guard and mother of two surviving children was given a sentence of 15 years in prison .	guard
female	7	Following her first appearance in 1969 , Driver remained in the role of Betty continuously .	driver
female	13	"A Hearst writer ghost wrote the newspaper page after 1918 , but the designer herself penned the "" Good Housekeeping "" and "" Harper 's Bazaar "" features throughout their duration , although the responsibility of producing a regular piece proved difficult , and she missed several deadlines ."	designer
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories .  "	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	3	Nora , a lawyer herself , begins experiencing blackouts and headaches from a brain tumor .	lawyer
female	9	Prior to her rise to stardom , Montag 's manager had begun laying down the groundwork for her to begin working on a pop - rock influenced album , though Montag insisted on a pop album .	manager
female	19	This essay describes the transformation of the nineteenth-century physician making house calls on horseback into the twenty-first-century primary care physician contemplating the electronic records of her patient population .	physician
female	4	When Farion asked the driver to turn off the music he refused , when she reminded the driver that there is a prohibition of the local authorities for musical accompaniment in public transportation the latter refused stating that does not care .	driver
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	1	This manager assigned a girl her name , fixed her prices , received the money and provided clothing and other necessities .	manager
female	2	A young manager refuses to work on her boss 's pet project because she fears it will discredit the organization .	manager
female	13	The Queen Mother 's lying - in - state in 2002 , the guard was mounted by her four grandsons , the Prince of Wales , the Duke of York , the Earl of Wessex , and Viscount Linley .	guard
female	1	A physician with MS creates her own combination of treatments and goes from a wheelchair to riding a bike again .	physician
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	9	"Because she helps lay the fires , the palace cook nicknamed her "" Embers "" ( she is , of course , the Discworld version of Cinderella , although the full nickname "" Emberella "" is referred to as sounding "" like something you 'd put up in the rain "" ) ."	cook
female	20	The Bruyere FHN Satellite Clinic is located in the basement of a downtown drop-in and brings together a family medicine physician and her residents , a dental hygienist and her 2nd year students , a nurse practitioner , a chiropodist and 2 public health nurses to provide primary care .	physician
female	18	"As a result , instead of using "" Que mon cœur lâche "" for the charity album , Farmer re - recorded her 1988 song "" Dernier sourire "" ( which dealt with the death of a sick person ) in an acoustic style ."	farmer
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	7	Two years later , Plaskett ' s manager called Kenney with the news that she was recommending her to be invited to Gordie Sampson ' s Songcamp in Cape Breton .	manager
female	11	In actuality , Judy is the hit - and - run driver and her fiancé broke up with her .	driver
female	5	"Her mother was an interior designer and her father a "" pied noir "" and a real estate agent ."	designer
female	3	was a taxi driver and her mother ( 1929 ) was a cook .	driver
female	5	Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint , tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself , but the gun is not loaded .	manager
female	32	Two-thirds thought that a woman together with her physician should decide whether to terminate a pregnancy , 19 % did not think the choice should be left with the woman and her physician and 13 % were undecided .	physician
female	1	The driver has never wavered from her claim .	driver
female	1	The designer first gained international recognition in 2000 with her collection „ Déclaration d’amour à l’Allemagne “ .	designer
female	1	The designer also draws on her studies of Bohemianism , Dark Romanticism , and love for the literature , art and music of the Decadent movement .	designer
female	13	"It was said of Judge Deiz that nearly "" every African - American lawyer who entered practice between 1970 and 1992 sat with Judge Deiz in her chambers , receiving a few hours or more of private tutoring in career development ."	lawyer
female	15	"Stormor was known and loved for her great kindness : upon her death , a farmer alongside the road famously said : "" Should I not cry , when the Great Mother in Dalom is dead ? "" , a tribute to her favorable reputation of motherly goodness , which was mentioned in the sermon of her funeral ."	farmer
female	29	"In October 2018 , she and her party were disqualified from running in the elections according to the decision of the Elections Administration , after the Labor Party 's lawyer signed both her forms and those of the "" Lovers of Haifa "" list run by Laborman Yisrael Savyon ."	lawyer
female	8	In the hierarchy of domestic service , a cook usually earned her position through apprenticeship , perhaps beginning in service as a kitchen maid .	cook
female	5	Thus the monarch 's main lawyer as to English law is the government 's lawyer , the Attorney General , but in her private capacity she instructs Farrer & Co , an independent law firm .	lawyer
female	1	The manager of the club told her that she should enter a contest , `` The Search for Canada ' s Funniest New Comic .	manager
female	16	AG Hair was founded in 1989 by Lotte Davis , a South African - born graphic designer and her husband John Davis , a hairdresser from Liverpool , in their North Vancouver basement .	designer
female	11	Everything is produced in Moscow under the strict control of the designer herself .	designer
female	10	After killing the remaining campers , Angela hitchhikes but the driver quickly annoys her and she kills her .	driver
female	1	""" Driver "" left Liverpool for on her final voyage on 12 February ."	driver
female	2	A taxi driver backs up Sienna 's alibi and she leaves .	driver
female	25	Elisabeth ' s early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle , Tsar Nicholas II , but the court physician said she died of virulent typhoid , probably caused by her taking a drink of water from a contaminated stream .	physician
female	7	Buccola who arrived from Italy with his cook and her husband to take the reins of the New England Mafia .	cook
female	14	During her third admission , it was discovered that the patient 's primary care physician had restarted her HCTZ for hypertension after it had been discontinued during each of the first two hospitalizations .	physician
female	6	In March 1995 , Williams ' manager publicly announced her relationship with British pop singer Alice Temple :  	manager
female	9	In June 2002 she was struck by an impaired driver and her injuries forced the amputation of her right leg .	driver
female	14	On the 14th of September in 1991 , she was seen by a local physician who found an abnormal shadow in her chest X-ray , and she was admitted to our service for further work-up on September 18 , 1991 .	physician
female	3	"The New Zealand cook and author Annabel Langbein , who owns a small estate at the side of the lake , filmed her series "" The Free Range Cook "" and "" Simple Pleasures "" here ."	cook
female	2	A female lawyer commits suicide after discovering the forgery case she is prosecuting had been committed by her own father .	lawyer
female	5	At the same time , driver of her father comes and hands over the family property to her as her father is no more .	driver
female	1	Fashion designer Valentino once commented on her physical resemblance to Marlene Dietrich .	designer
female	2	""" The physician attending her death commented , "" The main problem was that she was old ."	physician
female	1	A physician conceived her first child while caring for an infant in the intensive care nursery who died with congenital CMV infection .	physician
female	42	The book also explores the psyche of a pathological criminal , the moral dilemmas of the defence lawyer and the repercussions of a successful defence of a murderer on those who are alive , including the victim 's survivors and the defence lawyer herself .	lawyer
female	2	The airport manager in Tampa suggested that Skelton perform some basic stunts , but she had never done aerobatics .	manager
female	11	However , we encountered one account , written by a woman lawyer in her 20s , who actively makes her protagonist acknowledge how difficult the demand on happiness and positivity can be .	lawyer
female	20	As she recalled in an interview , `` I had to go home , take care of my family , cook and clean , and all of those things '' .	cook
female	14	She grew up in San Francisco Chinatown , where her father worked as a janitor and her mother as a seamstress to support the family .	janitor
female	16	If it was a reality , she was quite unique , as the profession of a physician was formally barred to her gender in Sweden before 1870 .	physician
female	34	She also wears red boots and gloves , with black sleeves extending from wrist to elbow ; her skirt is held up by a pair of narrow black suspenders , and a large metal guard covers her left elbow .	guard
female	4	Rakul Preet Singh 's manager confirmed her inclusion as one of the three female leads days later to the media .	manager
female	1	The janitor and The Devil watch as Porhowski struggles with herself about killing the man , but ultimately does not , shortly thereafter she is knocked out .	janitor
female	2	A business manager , Eames taught her shorthand , typing and accounting .	manager
female	24	"Gibbins made his final film , "" A Case for Murder "" in 1993 , which starred Jennifer Grey and Peter Berg about a lawyer who gets involved with her partner , then suspects him of murder in a case they are trying together ."	lawyer
female	2	The hotel manager knocked on her door around 3:15   a.m. , after the switchboard light indicated that the telephone in her room was off the hook .	manager
female	19	"An insider said : "" The trouble is that while Alfie is busy playing that game , a delivery driver who calls at the Queen Vic makes a big play for Kat – and soon she 's facing serious temptation . """	driver
female	10	The hotel 's tireless staff includes the surly front desk manager Iris ( Kathy Bates ) , Donovan 's mother , and her best friend , the transgender bartender Liz Taylor ( Denis O'Hare ) , both of whom hesitantly cater to Elizabeth and her vampiric children , one out of a desire to remain close to her son and the other out of a sense of loyalty .	manager
female	1	Oldest Driver , Jay Leno still wanted her to appear on The Tonight Show ; though she preferred to ride in a limousine for the occasion .	driver
female	20	Both of Guerrero ’s parents worked in a priory of the Trinitarian friars in Seville , her father as a cook and her mother as a laundress and seamstress .	cook
female	3	A dental hygienist manager of an oral medicine service that provides clinical care for transplant patients describes how her position within a cancer research center has evolved .	manager
female	4	El Mahroug ' s lawyer said that Mahroug would not be attaching herself to the case as a civil complainant and denies that she ever made herself available for money .	lawyer
female	10	The expectant mother in this case is also a family physician , who finds herself on the opposite side of the patient bed to which she is accustomed .	physician
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	3	The woman 's physician declared her medical progress remarkable and encouraged her biofeedback work .	physician
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	18	In December 2017 , the BBC reported that Lopresti was facing an investigation after his ex - office manager made a formal complaint about his behaviour , following her resignation .	manager
female	1	The driver is fine , but when Meredith runs to the other side of the car , she sees woman trapped under the car .	driver
female	12	Natalie then told Cutter and Diego that she 'll talk to a lawyer herself so that she 'll convince Clint to pay Diego 's medical bills .	lawyer
female	0	"Farmer performed her song in playback in three French television shows : "" Sacrée Soirée "" ( 11 Décember 1991 , TF1 ) , "" Tous à la Une "" ( 27 December 1991 , TF1 ; she also sang "" L'Autre "" ) , and "" Stars 90 "" ( 13 January 1992 , TF1 ) ."	farmer
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	10	Her father , the late Vijayarao Mohite was a veteran lawyer and her mother Jayashree Mohite retired as a part - time lecturer in law .	lawyer
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	5	Her father was an English physician and her mother a Latin teacher at Berkeley High School .	physician
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	4	Deepthi is a criminal lawyer who is separated from her husband Chandrasekhar and in the turn of events , they are forced to work together .	lawyer
female	1	Mexican cook and author Josefina Velázquez de León wrote more than 140 cookbooks in her lifetime .	cook
female	6	She presented to her primary care physician , psychiatrist , and psychotherapist reporting dysphoria related to gender and requesting gender-affirming hormone therapy .	physician
female	16	Kanai was born in 1978 to parents with artistic backgrounds , her father being a graphic designer and her mother working for the Japanese fashion designer Issey Miyake .	designer
female	9	Lena rebuked the accusation , saying that Julia 's manager never went to her house .	manager
female	0	Farmer exiled herself in the USA where she started writing new lyrics and discovering new music .	farmer
female	27	""" Yeh Chanda Kanoon Hai "" is based on the life of the protagonist Chanda Rani , who is a lawyer and is secretly divorced from another lawyer and her main rival , Vibhuti Narayan ."	lawyer
female	5	Her father was a taxi driver and her mother a seamstress .	driver
female	6	"During her trial , Harris ' lawyer argued that she had been the book 's "" primary author "" ."	lawyer
female	2	A drunk driver killed her parents in a car accident when she was eighteen , and she now helps counsel the families of murder victims in her spare time .	driver
female	6	In May 2005 , Alley 's manager organised a distribution contract with MGM Distribution independent label International Quarterback and she went away to write for twenty months and worked with producer Michael Szumowski .	manager
female	9	No director , choreographer , set designer or costume designer was hired like back in her days as career performer .	designer
female	7	"About her commissioning , the Indian naval chief , Admiral Sushil Kumar , reportedly quoted that the "" "" Khalid "" had given an edge over India . """	chief
female	16	She believes that Vera was trying to help Bea kill her and conveys this to her lawyer , Jake and Vera herself .	lawyer
female	4	In the refrain , Farmer addresses her lover who thinks only of her buttocks , and there are many alliterations .	farmer
female	17	"On her gravestone in the Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx , New York , the phrase "" Beloved Physician "" is engraved ."	physician
female	7	In 1993 , a Beverly Hills graphic designer who said she had an on-and-off relationship with Sharkey from 1985 to 1991 announced that she was suing Sharkey ' s estate .	designer
female	7	She took the role of a section chief of criminal division who gets dismissed from the police and later on disguise herself and work as an undercover at a law firm .	chief
female	37	"Her family later claimed they did not give their consent to the treatment , as documented in her sister 's self - published book , "" Look Back in Love "" , and in court records ; Farmer herself would later allege that she was given insulin treatments for 90 consecutive days ."	farmer
female	3	He allowed the driver to leave her vehicle unharmed but continued shooting until he was killed in an exchange of gunfire with police .	driver
female	0	"Designer Nicole Miller used Lynn 's "" The Last High ( Y - Tron Remix ) "" for her Spring 2013 campaign ."	designer
female	9	"Ruby later reunites with Fernando , the hotel ’s manager and her former lover back in 1959 ( "" Fernando "" ) ."	manager
female	5	Cass ' father was a janitor and her mother a domestic worker .	janitor
female	6	Her father is a real estate developer and her mother is an interior designer .	developer
female	13	This presentation will highlight how the scientific and leadership career of an academic physician was shaped by her own journey and those of her patients .	physician
female	1	Costume designer Daphne Dare used artistic license with her costumes in the serial , since male Aztecs usually only wore brief loincloths and cloaks , while women were often topless .	designer
female	17	My knowledge of ENGVAR is based on how Wikipedians use it , not based on what a lawyer wrote on a page , possibly under the misapprehension that she was creating a rule .	lawyer
female	11	On 26 April 2005 she married Stefan Miller , a German farmer and her neighbour from Grabina .	farmer
female	7	Her mother , Tessa , an interior designer spent time with her children playing tennis during their childhood .	designer
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	6	Her maternal grandmother was a talented designer herself , and she displayed talent as a young girl in drawing and making clothes for her dolls .	designer
female	2	The theatre manager is still willing to marry Hilde , but only if she abandons her child , a condition she can not accept .	manager
female	17	Anne Fogarty ( February 2 , 1919 – January 15 , 1980 ) was an American fashion designer , active 1940–80 , who was noted for her understated , ladylike designs that were accessible to American women on a limited income .	designer
female	1	The physician should support the mother in whatever informed decision she makes .	physician
female	1	The driver next picks up her crying sister who is distraught over her husband leaving after 7 years together .	driver
female	6	He also asserted that Buck 's lawyer , Irving Whitehead , poorly argued her case , failed to call important witnesses , and was remarked by commentators to often not know what side he was on .	lawyer
female	0	Farmer bites her lover in the shoulder and some blood trickles along his back ; they kiss and some blood flows from their mouths .	farmer
female	1	The designer praised her look and strong photographs , but criticized her runway walk as well as her lack of eye contact .	designer
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"Upon requesting her driver 's license , the driver stated that she did not need a license because she was not "" trafficking goods nor at commerce , "" a common claim among sovereign citizens ( Pennsylvania v. Smith , 2020 , para ."	driver
female	1	The chief of police sent an escort with her when she wished to go out on the streets , lest she might receive rudeness .	chief
female	3	"NYC Media General Manager Arick Wierson offered Braha a show in part because of her local cred and experience . """	manager
female	1	A guard discovers Noel 's sabotage , but she kicks him into the circuitry , electrocuting him .	guard
female	14	However , he can not find the nightdress and at her trial , her lawyer discredits Whicher 's case by wilfully misrepresenting it .	lawyer
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	8	Her father Joao Carlos Escobar is a corporate lawyer and author , and her mother Lucia Iara Tatsch , an English teacher .	lawyer
female	3	Tapoohi , a lawyer herself , alleged that the mediator breached his contractual duty , given the lack of any formal agreement ; and further alleged tortious breaches of his duty of care .	lawyer
female	16	"Germany celebrated their 2–1 victory by singing a version of "" Guantanamera "" , while Sweden manager Marika Domanski Lyfors confronted Ionescu about her controversial free kick call ."	manager
female	5	Zaamwani is a qualified mining lawyer , having obtained her LLB ( Honours ) from Thames Valley University in London , and her Master in Law ( LLM ) from the University of Dundee , Scotland .	lawyer
female	10	Two weeks before the hearing , however , the park manager called the Cook County sheriff ' s office and told them that she was planning to evict a family on that day , and requested the presence of deputy sheriffs , fearing that Soldal might resist being evicted .	manager
female	1	Her physician , Dr. Johann Heinrich Hegner , however , noticed her aptitude for mathematics and began to teach her .	physician
female	17	She is then pursued by the police and arrested , but escapes and hitchhikes a lorry the driver of which feels her leg .	driver
female	26	She was giving casual public performances by the spring of 1908 , when she played the accordion at the logging camp where she worked as a cook and her father as a lumberjack .	cook
female	8	When she returned to the studio , a guard at the gate saw her bandages and called executive producer Hal B. Wallis to tell him that Davis had been in an accident .	guard
female	2	The commercial manager of 99p Stores , Gerry Loughran , noted that `` she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open , and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time , so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then .	manager
female	7	During the voyage Isadora discovered that their manager , Frederick Toye , had arranged for a tour for the Isadorables without her .	manager
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	4	Meanwhile , Eenaz 's manager , Madhih ( Assad Shareef ) , who sexually harasses her at work , came to her parents asking for marriage approval .	manager
female	26	While only 11 years old , she played during halftime of a St. John 's basketball game ; her play was so impressive that a security guard asked for her autograph .	guard
female	8	For instance , if the wife of a farmer were to report her abusive partner , she would have to ensure phone access ( i.e. , landline or cell service ) to make the call and transportation off the farm ( i.e. , a car not controlled by the abuser ) .	farmer
female	4	She played a taxi driver in Terry Gilliam ' s ' 12 Monkeys ' -LRB- 1995 -RRB- where she had a scene with Bruce Willis and Madeline Stowe .	driver
female	9	After a series of failed job interviews , a manager at a local radio station ( Paula Newsome ) hires her as a switchboard operator , despite her lack of experience , and during her first day , she inadvertently walks into a studio , and is mistaken for the station 's new call in therapist , is put on the air , and begins hesitantly talking with the show 's callers .	manager
female	5	"The MoI said the woman driver who was arrested with her companions tried to "" run over a policeman at a road block "" ."	driver
female	26	"In a moral Shangri-La , routine matters of ethical significance are made easier through technology , say , an electronic "" nudge "" that reminds the physician to warmly greet her patient with a handshake when they meet ."	physician
female	6	Mrs Caroline Hordern was a keen cook and the two - storey kitchen wing was heavily influenced by her .	cook
female	0	"Chief among them was philanthropist and businesswoman Belle Skinner for her rallying of Holyoke and other American cities to "" adopt "" French villages for reconstruction after the First World War ."	chief
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	18	Based on the bone fragments found in the Manitowoc County Gravel Pit , Avery 's post - conviction lawyer now found herself with a new theory and new evidence to be brought into Avery 's upcoming case .  	lawyer
female	2	"The Egyptian physician and feminist Nawal El Saadawi criticized FGM in her book "" Women and Sex "" ( 1972 ) ; the book was banned in Egypt and El Saadawi lost her job as director general of public health ."	physician
female	10	When a Caucasian man boarded the bus , the bus driver told everyone in her row to move back .	driver
female	5	Lizaran 's father was a mechanic and her mother a dressmaker .	mechanic
female	18	Artemisia Montessori ( , ; August 31 , 1870 – May 6 , 1952 ) was an Italian physician and educator best known for the philosophy of education that bears her name , and her writing on scientific pedagogy .	physician
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Luiz struggled to find a lawyer so she then sold her story to the Boston Globe which ran two full-length features .	lawyer
female	7	According to her employer , the bus driver says that the barriers were up and safe .	driver
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	35	At the annual conference , Celia delivers a critical report about the company ’s poor standards of training and ethical conduct , and is nearly fired by the company president Eli , until her line manager Sam intervenes on her behalf .	manager
female	20	The ultimate decision on continuation of employment during pregnancy should be made by the patient after careful counseling by her physician and discussions with her employer .	physician
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	6	The new colonel - in - chief took up her appointment at a ceremony on March 17 , 2007 , at the Regimental Headquarters in Edmonton .	chief
female	2	A family physician shares the story of her 3-decade-long relationship with a patient and the strong ties that they formed .	physician
female	15	"When Rose meets a former agent , Herbie , she persuades him to become their manager using her seductive and feminine wiles ( "" Small World "" ) ."	manager
female	23	In this article , the authors discuss a hypothetical case of a teenaged girl suffering from recurrent coldsores and the possible ways her physician might handle her case .	physician
female	18	If a woman is competent and refuses medical advice , her decision must be respected even if the physician believes that her fetus will suffer as a result .	physician
female	1	The physician refuses to help , assuming that she is simply double doctoring .	physician
female	2	The emergency manager , Joyce Parker , and her predecessor , Jack Martin , had determined that there was insufficient funding to continue direct operation of schools .	manager
female	6	Cowl ' s friend and personal physician and a prominent Laredo civic leader , said that she introduced another `` facet of medicine and therapy to a community that did not have it .	physician
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	22	As a result , the members of the former high - born Southern family take the servant positions , with Claudia as cook , her sister Elizabeth as maid , and her brothers as a butler and general worker .	cook
female	15	Hjördis Lind - Campbell ( 27 June 1891- 13 september 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for her work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .	physician
female	7	She married Benjamin Branch , a landholding farmer and her father gave the couple a dowry of £ 2000 ( ) , which supplemented Branch 's income of £ 300 per year ( )	farmer
female	13	The one caregiver who showed neither fear nor anxiety(1)believed in an afterlife,(2)sought a physician who would respect her belief,(3)sought respect for her medical decisions , and(4)found distance to the clinic to be a critical factor .	physician
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	16	Francis Thomas Glasgow , the father of Virginia writer and suffragist Ellen Glasgow , was a manager at Tredegar Iron Works , and Joseph Reid Anderson was her maternal uncle .	manager
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	3	Furthermore , the physician should encourage the patient to use her own values to weigh the benefits against the harms and costs , pointing out biases in reasoning and minimizing socioeconomic barriers .	physician
female	1	"Her designer was John Henslow , and she was identical with his contemporaneous except that "" Echo "" was a ship - sloop and "" Busy "" was a brig - sloop ."	designer
female	5	"Her father Victor was a mechanic and her mother Tamara was employed at the "" Leningrad Optical and Mechanical Works "" ."	mechanic
female	1	Her manager , Frank M. Russell , ran away with her barrel , and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it .	manager
female	4	The Shah 's Austrian physician , Jakob Eduard Polak , also cited her beauty .	physician
female	17	Soon , though , Holly begins to see merit in the idea and decides to ask the manager of the local mall if she can perform at the local Christmas Eve celebration .	manager
female	0	"Driver wrote a memoir on her years in radio and television , titled "" Betty "" , which was published in 2000 ."	driver
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	8	She is joined by her long - time manager and former pop - idol Rumi Hidaka , and her agent Tadokoro .	manager
female	30	Papa Threadgoode gives Idgie money to start a business so she can care for Ruth and Buddy Jr. She and Ruth open the Whistle Stop Cafe , employing the family cook , Sipsey , and her son , Big George , who excels with a barbecue that becomes popular with their patrons .	cook
female	17	"Diane R. Williams ( December 6 , 1947 – August 12 , 2016 ) was an American lawyer who is best known for her part in the landmark sexual harassment case , "" Williams v. Saxbe "" ."	lawyer
female	11	Jessica then intermittently takes control of the conversation , making the lawyer question her mental stability .	lawyer
female	8	Urai has also worked as a freelance graphic designer and video game journalist and through her work with Microsoft she has been sponsored by the company , wearing an Xbox 360 logo on her gear .	designer
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	3	Aside from the cook herself , the only person who can stomach Asahi 's cuisine is Gohgei , a young monk who watched over her as a child .	cook
female	12	She was born in Keytesville , Missouri ; her father was a lawyer and her mother a pianist who had studied in Europe .	lawyer
female	9	Patricia Blocksom , Q.C. , AOE is a Canadian lawyer and arbitrator recognized for her expertise in matrimonial law .	lawyer
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	16	"In October 2014 , following the publication of the authorised biography Vivienne Westwood by the fashion designer and her co - author Ian Kelly , Gorman accused the authors and the publisher Picador of plagiarising substantial sections of material from his book "" "" ."	designer
female	1	The manager allows Ellen a short period of leave , and she takes the next charabanc to Land ’s End where the burial is to take place .	manager
female	5	Although recommending that a tax lawyer and an accountant review her letter for accuracy , she proceeded to provide the letter to the promoters , knowing it would form part of their information package .	lawyer
female	26	Laura Don ( February 20 , 1852 – February 10 , 1886 ) was the pseudonym of Anna Laura Fish , an American actress , stage manager , playwright and artist whose life was taken by tuberculosis while still in her early thirties .	manager
female	5	Her father was a poultry farmer and her mother an elementary school teacher .	farmer
female	11	A visit to read the will on file reveals that the lawyer herself will inherit , if the boy is not the chosen nephew .	lawyer
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	1	"Her manager , Enrique "" Quique "" Ferreti , is pressuring her to continue fighting , despite her pain ."	manager
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	A farmer and her daughter observed the strange scene of a figure in a bright orange suit with a large white helmet landing near them by parachute .	farmer
female	1	The physician who does not do this kind of professional introspection and evaluation of the national market may find him- or herself professionally behind the curve .	physician
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	18	Hired by a Los Angeles legal partnership to locate Nancy Campbell , Tracy Steele is frustrated by the manager of her apartment building , who claims she does not live there .	manager
female	7	The woman complies until she notices the driver hiding in her yard .	driver
female	10	According to Simpson ' s publicists , her father and manager decided to use a vocal guide track because of problems she was having with her voice , beginning earlier in the day , that were caused by acid reflux .	manager
female	1	The driver of the car fell asleep and crashed , killing herself .	driver
female	13	"Judianna Makovsky ( born August 24 , 1967 ) is an American costume designer , who is perhaps best known for her work on the films "" Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone "" ( 2001 ) , "" Seabiscuit "" ( 2003 ) and "" The Hunger Games "" ( 2012 ) , as well as various films within the Marvel Cinematic Universe ."	designer
female	16	One of the former residents of Satoya , however , turns out to be a famous designer who owns a run-down villa on Miyakojima that she offers to let Jun turn into a inn .	designer
female	1	Her physician diagnosed her illness as precocious dementia , but by the following year , her condition seemed to have improved .	physician
female	4	editor - in - chief of the newspaper “ Netishynsky Herald ” ( Khmelnytskyi Oblast ) , was murdered on 15 March 2015 in her own house .	chief
female	26	When Reba McEntire made her Grand Ole Opry debut on September 17 , 1977 , she almost did not make it in the door after a guard at the Opry gate missed her name on the night 's list of performers .	guard
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	4	In contrast , a physician knows whether she is uncertain about a case and will consult more experienced colleagues if needed .	physician
female	2	Eunice stands guard , as she has for centuries now in her apartment , waiting patiently for Torok to challenge the realms again , which is happening now .	guard
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	14	Sony Pictures expressed interest in purchasing the film rights , with former Sony Pictures chief Amy Pascal to produce the movie through her Pascal Pictures production company .	chief
female	14	Charles and Edie get into an argument , and she threatens to hire a lawyer so she can get full custody of Travers .	lawyer
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	9	At the rise of the curtain , Gianna the cook and her scullery maids are busy preparing dinner , but Gianna no sooner leaves the kitchen than the scullery maids abandon their duties and begin to dance and play with saucepans and skillets .  	cook
female	8	Being aware of this situation , the attending physician and others in charge of her care did not insist on negating her story : instead they accepted her fantasy , and through it they succeeded in establishing psychiatric communications .	physician
female	3	She became a designer herself at the company during the early 1930s and created a number of patterns on bone china and Queen ’s ware for Wedgwood .	designer
female	16	While pulling over two female teenagers for a faulty break light , Whidbey discovered that the driver did not have her license .	driver
female	1	Office manager Roxanne Melman deals with her ex - husband , Dave Meyer , who claims that he 's dying and wants to spend some quality time with her .	manager
female	1	The designer also said she had to make some adaptations to a suit worn by Ormond , as she is a completely different body shape to her character , Vivien Leigh .	designer
female	6	Four months prior , the primary physician diagnosed her symptoms of worsening dyspnea at rest and with exertion as severe bronchitis .	physician
female	5	The game begins when American lawyer Kate Walker is sent by her law firm to the fictional French village of Valadilène to oversee the corporate takeover of a family - owned spring - automaton toy factory .	lawyer
female	7	Her father , Carlos , was a farmer , and her mother a journalist .	farmer
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	8	Lorna D was seen by her primary care physician as follow-up to a visit she made to the emergency department ( ED ) .	physician
female	8	During the next 9 months , her family physician gave her multiple courses of culture-directed antibiotics due to breakthrough urinary-tract infections , despite her also being on a prophylactic antibiotic .	physician
female	26	"Though she worked under higher - ranking guards , Binz was known as "" the true star of the camp "" , and the "" chief guard was completely overshadowed by her deputy . """	guard
female	7	As she leaves , she tells the guard , Frank , that Lana is just confused from her accident .	guard
female	6	Her father acted as her crew chief and her mother kept statistics on her racing .	chief
female	9	Her father , Malcolm Robert Graham , was a physician and her mother Florence ( née Bloy ) was a nurse .	physician
female	6	"Betty Elam , the community affairs manager at WYNY , was impressed with her talk and offered Westheimer $ 25 per week to make "" Sexually Speaking "" , which started as a 15-minute show airing every Sunday at midnight ."	manager
female	7	Meanwhile , somewhere in London , a cleaner has her break in an isolated room where the remnants of Project Magnificat are still stored .	cleaner
female	2	The estate manager Ramnath ( Girish ) falls in love with her and turns to villainous acts in order to win her over .	manager
female	2	Her first manager ( whom she married two weeks after meeting , and later divorced ) made her change her name from Jaqueline Allison to January Jones .	manager
female	1	The driver stopped her vehicle directly in front of Hackworth 's truck .	driver
female	1	The driver picks up her son from the father .	driver
female	21	Rebecca continues to vie for power in the company , leading to unprofessional behavior like arriving late and having the stage manager make her special smoothies ; Derek is forced to retake control of his rehearsal room .	manager
female	2	A female lawyer smothered her five - year - old son and then shot and stabbed the boy 's father , her ex - partner .	lawyer
female	9	Inside , the policeman found 15 cats as the driver was living in her car .	driver
female	8	Two complex interactions are presented in which the analyst is challenged to confront known and unknown aspects of herself and negotiate her next move .	analyst
female	14	"In her 2010 play , "" Dog and Wolf "" , a U.S. asylum lawyer seeks to win asylum for Jasmina , a Bosnian refugee ."	lawyer
female	3	Interestingly every female driver who stated she would be driving home also had a legal BAC , suggesting gender-specific intervention .	driver
female	14	She again returned to the Dukes for the 1999 season , but the new manager decreased her playing time .	manager
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	15	But she is determined to find Parithi and , by chance , encounters a taxi driver who assumes that she would want to visit a charitable trust named Duraiyamma Foundation .	driver
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	16	Child analysts work with children whose organizing and regulating systems are still developing , allowing the analyst and her patient to tap the child 's transformational potential as new hierarchies evolve and consolidate in the course of an analysis .	analyst
female	4	Her father was a mechanic and her mother a sewing teacher .	mechanic
female	1	Her manager , Harold McGoo McGruther , and her teammates , Gary Pollack , Josh White , Martin Aparijo , and Eddie Fiola , appeared in numerous photo shoots and contest from 1986 to 1988 wearing the GT uniform .	manager
female	1	Respiratory physician recognized her condition as a probable case of SARS that required Intensive Care Unit admission with ventilatory support .	physician
female	0	Farmer moved in with her parents in West Seattle , but she and her mother fought bitterly .	farmer
female	5	Her father was a family driver and her mother a vendor .	driver
female	2	A late developer , Typecast began to show contending form in 1971 at age five when she ran second in both the Beverly Hills and Ramona Handicaps and won the Las Palmas Handicap .	developer
female	28	Who would have thought even five years ago that a discussion on the ASHRM exchange would involve the use of Twitter in the operating room or that a physician would be reprimanded by a state medical board and have her privileges revoked due to posting information online about a trauma patient ?	physician
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	11	Born in Massachusetts to Elias and Catherine Bartlett Phinney , a lawyer and her mother the daughter of a doctor , Phinney was well educated at several academies .	lawyer
female	2	DeJac 's lawyer , Steven M. Cohen represented DeJac in her civil suit against the state of New York and secured a $ 2.7 million settlement .	lawyer
female	23	She also found it difficult to recruit people to work for her start - up , her first employee was a retired garage mechanic and her first factory was in a nearby 3,000-square - foot shed .	mechanic
female	8	Her father , David Bernstein , was a physician and her mother , Dorothy Bernstein ( née Skupsky ) , managed her father 's office practice .	physician
female	7	Spencer married Garry Fields , a marketing manager and her publicist and manager , in Marina Del Rey , California in 1999 .	manager
female	9	When Mick checks out in the morning , the manager says that the police asked where he was last night , but she assured them he had been in his room .	manager
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	4	In this process the physician must use himself or herself as a human instrument to try to relieve suffering in the global aspect of the word .	physician
female	1	The chief of the CIA , Helen Dexter , decides , on her own , to order the murder of political figures of other nations on the basis of their views on the United States .	chief
female	40	"Claudia Fabiana Fernández Viera was born on June 22 , 1976 , in the "" barrio "" of Punta de Rieles – Bella Italia , in Montevideo , Uruguay , and was raised by her father Fernando Fernández , a mechanic and her paternal - grandparents , Irma & Juan Antonio Fernández ."	mechanic
female	2	The bus driver blocked her attempt to exit through the front of the bus and punched her in the stomach as he ordered her out the rear door .	driver
female	9	Mel is unable to summon Draykor , as a guard is locked onto her amulet .	guard
female	8	According to the promise model , if a physician has a conscience-based objection to providing a particular service and she can not in good conscience promise to provide it when patients request it , she should refrain from entering any specialty or subspecialty that includes the service within its normal range .	physician
female	3	Learn how a manager and her team used nine management principles to create a proactive nursing team while designing and opening a new inpatient unit .	manager
female	19	Her suffrage colleagues at the Maryland Suffrage Association awarded her a medal for her achievements as the first woman lawyer in Maryland and for her fight for the key legal enactments at the state level that would permit women in the future to become lawyers .	lawyer
female	1	One manager described how she worked with employees to develop the registration form required by government regulations :	manager
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	1	A lawyer , Ligeti focussed on civil litigation and administration law in her practice with Iler , Campbell and Associates .	lawyer
female	9	Not long after meeting , Mizikin became Harris 's manager and soon also her husband .	manager
female	31	Secondly the Championship added a gearbox class to its roster for the first time , running a Junior Gearbox class that was keenly supported by Hoy , a former gearbox kart driver herself .	driver
female	11	"At her audition for London Opera Studio course , the general manager of Welsh National Opera arranged for her to join a tour of "" Cenerentola "" around small theatres in Wales ."	manager
female	13	"She also said of the character : "" Lorelai 's humor was her guard and her deflection and what kept her strong ."	guard
female	24	The major areas include appropriate attitudes of personnel and the physical environment in which the patient is seen ; the way in which a physician can introduce him- or herself to the family ; methods of obtaining information from adolescent patients ; differences of which one should be aware when interviewing adolescent patients at different developmental levels ; and ways in which to establish rapport and to approach especially sensitive issues .	physician
female	33	American television movie , The Princess and the Cabbie tells the story of a wealthy young woman , Joanna -LRB- Valerie Bertinelli -RRB- , who is sheltered by her father until a cab driver realizes that she is dyslexic and tries to help her .	driver
female	4	Her father is a physician and her mother a painter , and she has one brother .	physician
female	2	The American designer Anne Fogarty was particularly noted for her full - skirted designs worn over crinoline petticoats , which were always separate garments from the dress to enable ease of movement and travelling .	designer
female	1	A guard of honor was formed by uniformed RSPCA officers at her funeral .	guard
female	2	Her first analyst aborted her analysis to begin a personal partnership with her .	analyst
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	7	As she continued to complain , the physician examined her mouth , and discovered the outline of a worm .	physician
female	1	The mechanic replies that he knows nothing about it but if she wants to , she can ask a shaman under the name of Madame Budoe in the village .	mechanic
female	32	Blair acted as personal assistant to Nelson , organizing his day and acting as a liaison for his fan club , but Nelson 's mother , brother , business manager , and manager disapproved of her presence in his life .	manager
female	3	American urban landscape designer Renée Gunter uses this plant in her South Los Angeles lawn as a drought - resistant alternative to thirstier plants .	designer
female	4	"Because the judge 's chief of staff had posted on her Facebook page a petition calling for Lula 's imprisonment and the presiding judge of the appellate panel had , before the decision had been issued , praised the trial judge 's decision to convict Lula for corruption , an op - ed in "" The New York Times "" concluded that "" Brazil ’s democracy is now weaker than it has been since military rule ended "" ."	chief
female	1	The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in a corner .	manager
female	3	More helpfully , lawyer Francis Patrick Garvan offered McCann housing and funds for her education , after her testimony at the coroner 's inquest .	lawyer
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	15	She requested the manager to give her a ticket to London instead , but the manager refused her request saying he had to follow the rules .	manager
female	4	Asha is an excellent cook and cooking is her favorite hobby .	cook
female	12	A cannula had to be inserted for tubal feeding , and the physician in charge explained to her family that her prognosis was 3 months .	physician
female	9	During the journey however , Kate discovered that the farmer had found out her true identity and notified Edward Mars of her whereabouts .	farmer
female	10	"In August 2005 , she was demoted in what her lawyer called an "" obvious reprisal "" for her revelations about the Halliburton contracts ."	lawyer
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	8	When she returned to Alabama she hired a designer for a hand-operated device to keep a windshield clear and had a local company produce a working model .	designer
female	14	In late 2011 , the online chatbox provider Xat filed a lawsuit after a developer published a copy of the source code to her server emulator .	developer
female	12	Shoulder pads originally became popular for women in the 1930s when fashion designer Elsa Schiaparelli included them in her designs of 1931 .	designer
female	10	"Music said that , through the video , "" [ Farmer ] invites us into her dark and magical universe "" , and "" Premiere "" deemed it "" mysterious , provocative "" ."	farmer
female	32	Along for the ride with his injured team member , the former racing engineer and now team manager Stephan Garnier is impressed enough to offer Rena a chance to become a racecar driver herself .	driver
female	5	Susan Buchbinder is an American physician who is best known for her work in HIV prevention and as a researcher in the HIV Vaccine Trials Network .	physician
female	4	Her father was a lawyer and her mother , Habiba Menchari , was known for her lectures on female empowerment .	lawyer
female	5	At her trial , her lawyer , Major Caron , points out that Dubois ' case is weak ; all his testimony is second - hand .	lawyer
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	6	"In August 2014 , Minaj 's manager informed her that Beyoncé wanted to make a remix of "" Flawless "" with her and in return she would feature on "" The Pinkprint "" ."	manager
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	1	The guard around her was relaxed and at midnight the next day they escaped and she rode behind Arthur Erskine to Seton Palace and then to safety at Dunbar Castle .	guard
female	7	Her father , Cabell , was a lawyer and her mother , Martha Eulalia Reed , was a music teacher .	lawyer
female	2	The assistant manager of the salon , Eun - ju , initially rejected her application on grounds that the salon had more than enough staff , but a decision was made after Jae - hee and Mi - ja find it better to employ her .	manager
female	0	Farmer changed her will to bequeath Greenacre to the Baháʼís in the event of her death via an agent of Phoebe Hearst .	farmer
female	1	The farmer seeks to assault her and she recognizes in him the man who murdered the woman years before .	farmer
female	0	Lawyer attended Cate School in Carpinteria , California , where she won the CIF California State Meet Championship in the high jump as a sophomore in 1993 .	lawyer
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	2	The taxi driver then takes her to her singing engagement , where he charges her 14.50 lira for cab fare .	driver
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	2	"A taxi driver once asked if her daughter were Jewish , and she answered , "" She may be , but I 'm not "" ."	driver
female	3	The show 's manager appreciated her straightforward personality and powerful vocals .	manager
female	7	Eventually , in deep countryside , a driver makes a pass at her .	driver
female	1	Her physician in the resident 's internal medicine clinic supported her endeavor and encouraged her to continue self-hypnosis .	physician
female	1	The Driver sees this and rushes towards her , but she slams the door .	driver
female	10	When Lady Flora complained of abdominal pain , the court physician initially stated that she was pregnant .	physician
female	9	"Dick Green 's wife , Charlotte , a negro cook who described herself as the only female American woman to George Ruxton at the time of his visit in 1848 as "" de only lady in de whole damn Injun country "" ."	cook
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	6	The case conference leader , an analyst , presented her case conference , which was mired in basic assumption dependency dynamics , to our peer consultation group .	analyst
female	2	The police chief calls in her psychiatrist sister to teach the girl how to speak and to find the girl 's family .	chief
female	7	One of the waitresses also accused a manager of demoting and eventually firing her after she complained .	manager
female	6	Johnson herself has alleged that a manager told her she was playing too many black artists , and that the station was paying her significantly less than they paid many other hosts for equivalent duties .	manager
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	0	Driver also made her stage debut in 1991 , supplementing her income by performing as a jazz vocalist and guitarist .	driver
female	20	Then the designer insists the home owner leave and do not return to their house in 2 days as the designer and her crew prepares to finish renovating their house with a budget under $ 5000 .	designer
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	4	Colin , a prison guard , with a media interest , is intrigued by the beautiful Regina and her story .	guard
female	12	Elizabeth Sinclair Miller ( born 27 February 1957 ) is a British physician , surgeon , campaigner and writer noted for her outspoken stance on mental health , and bipolar disorder ( manic depression ) in particular .	physician
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	12	One such piece suggests that Marițica was having intercourse with her coach driver , or with her brother - in - law Știrbei .	driver
female	11	The next flashback centers on Shaw , at that time a physician , being interviewed over her lack of sympathy for her patients .	physician
female	5	(; ) is a Yemeni physician and activist , noted for her work dealing with starvation in the Yemeni city of Hudaydah .	physician
female	11	"On his website , Murphy says that when Tarantino 's former manager , Cathryn Jaymes , "" came back with her notes [ on the manuscript ] my then partner lost it on her , I guess because she did n't want to make changes ."	manager
female	11	The patient continues to follow up outpatient with her primary care physician and nephrology .	physician
female	4	However , the ED physician is uncomfortable in discharging her home .	physician
female	2	Her next manager , Bernard Macauley of Wood 's Theatre in Cincinnati , Ohio , only worked in her company for a little over a year , after which she moved to New York in 1870 as a member of Augustin Daly 's company .	manager
female	6	In her trial , Dean 's lawyer Alfred Hanlon argued that all deaths were accidental , and that they had been covered up to prevent adverse publicity of the sort that Dean had previously been subjected to .	lawyer
female	1	The driver indicated that she did not see the riders until she hit Logan , who was not wearing a helmet at the time of the accident .	driver
female	5	"Rachel Hauck is a scenic designer based in New York City who is known for her work in Anaïs Mitchell 's musical "" Hadestown "" on and off - Broadway and in London , John Leguizamo 's "" Latin History for Morons "" on and off - Broadway , and her extensive off - Broadway work ."	designer
female	11	His wife -LRB- played by Marlene Dietrich -RRB- hires the best lawyer available -LRB- Charles Laughton -RRB- because she is convinced , or rather she knows , that her husband is innocent .	lawyer
female	4	"The Mirror "" TV analyst Maeve Quigley had previously chosen the show as her ' Pick of The Week ' , promoting the show to her readers .  "	analyst
female	0	"Driver made her directorial debut in 1981 with "" You Are Not I "" , a short subject film based on a Paul Bowles story and co - written by Jim Jarmusch ."	driver
female	13	Pele , fearing that Hiʻiaka had betrayed her and was keeping the handsome chief for herself , became enraged and not only destroyed Hiʻiaka 's sacred Lehua forest , but also killed Hopoe , turning her into stone .	chief
female	5	The next morning , the cook set her to make soup for the king , and she put her golden ring in it .	cook
female	20	On July 20 , 2007 , Governor Jon Corzine sent a letter to UPS officials on behalf of a UPS driver and her partner , asking the company to comply with New Jersey law and extend spousal benefits such as health insurance to civil union partners .	driver
female	2	A security guard tries to restrain Carrie , but , while hallucinating that he is Quinn ( Rupert Friend ) , she attacks him and runs into the streets .	guard
female	5	Then after three days a physician prescribed her Tobramycin eye drops 4 times per day and Chloramphenicol ointment at bedtime .	physician
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	5	Her mother was a programmer analyst and her father was an author of business books and CEO of a cardiac pacemaker component manufacturing company .	analyst
female	35	"The Daily Beast "" wrote , "" Clair Huxtable was not only the perfect mom , but also a great role model as someone who never sacrificed either her career as a high - power lawyer or her family life . """	lawyer
female	18	When the bus pulled into the town of Roanoke Rapids , North Carolina , however , a new driver took the wheel and demanded that she comply with the carrier ' s Jim Crow regulation by moving to the so-called `` colored section '' in the back of the bus so that a white Marine could occupy her seat .	driver
female	19	Questionnaires were created to assess an array of performance attributes , and then appropriate assessors were designated -- the physician himself or herself ( self-evaluation ) , patients , medical peers , consultants and referring physicians , and non-physician coworkers .	physician
female	1	"Costume designer Karyn Wagner spoke of her role within "" The Possibilities "" , more so her involvement in the van sequence with Cassidy , Fiore and DeBlanc , wherein Wagner stated , "" For a stunt like this , you have to consider what you can get 8 to 12 of , because you nee multiple takes for principal actors ."	designer
female	16	When El Paso County , Texas faced a $ 20 million shortfall in 2004 , the manager of the county library in the small town of Fabens reduced her budget by 31 % .	manager
female	5	Some days after , her physician informed the Aquino family that she had vaginal cancer , and by mid - March 2008 , she confided the nature of her disease to a close friend , Rev Catalino Arévalo .	physician
female	10	In contrast , the film shows a Texas organic cotton farmer , eco fashion activist Livia Firth and her sustainability - focused consulting firm , and people who manage fair trade clothing companies , such as animal - rights activist Stella McCartney , People Tree 's Safia Minney , Redress 's Christina Dean , and Patagonia 's Vincent Stanley .	farmer
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	5	The daughter of a British physician and a Brahmin woman of the highest caste , Maya was trained in medicine by her father and graduated from the University of Delhi as a Doctor of Medicine when she was twenty - two .	physician
female	10	Meanwhile , Lily rescues a goat named Missy when a farmer ( Farmer Frank , played by Alan Fudge ) brings it to her kindergarten class and horrifies her students by going into great detail about what will happen to Missy when she visits the butcher .	farmer
female	8	"In her collection "" Ariege "" , fashion designer Marcela Calvet named one of her most sought - after handbags "" Corinne "" , in her honor ."	designer
female	0	Farmer trained herself for many hours with acrobats , as she needed to be in balance on a ball in the video .	farmer
female	16	Marin 's family settled in Huntington Park , California where her father obtained work as a janitor and her mother as a seamstress .	janitor
female	4	In addition , the manager could assist her employee in finding a personal vision which matches her employees motives .	manager
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	7	Her presentation forced her less technologically sophisticated analyst and her supervisor to confront and make technical decisions regarding the use of the computer and the Internet in the child analysis , which neither had faced before .	analyst
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	8	Close follow-up was arranged with her primary care physician and nephrologist .	physician
female	21	Meanwhile , defending world champion Minichiello 's sled flipped over after turn 12 during the third run , but the British driver and her brakeman Cooke walked away from the crash at the finish line .	driver
female	23	This time loss has the potential to restrict the physician from meeting the essential canons of medical informed consent and interfere with a physician meeting her fiduciary duties to the patient .	physician
female	2	A taxi driver approaches her and she accepts a ride to the harbour .	driver
female	2	A young farmer in upstate New York City becomes obsessed with a Broadway actress due to her radio broadcasts .	farmer
female	4	In 2003 , the designer launched her Dolly Girl fragrance together with several limited edition sets in the Dolly Girl series .	designer
female	11	Currently Donatella Ricci is Leonardo S.p . A. helicopter division Program Manager , near Venice , cultivates her passion for flight and promotes its benefits on occasion of public appearances and at the flight school where she is a flight trainer .	manager
female	16	Shaken , Ronda returns to the kitchen where Eddie Martin ( Bobby Darin ) , the cook and her boyfriend , asks if that was him and she nods her head ' yes ' .	cook
female	31	The vast majority of Tdap vaccinations ( 96 % ) were received in a traditional health care setting ( e.g. , the office of the woman 's obstetrician or primary care physician or her prenatal clinic ) .	physician
female	1	British designer Gina Franklyn sold British fashions out of her shop 99 , located at 99 MacDougal Street in New York 's Greenwich Village .	designer
female	34	She was the eldest daughter of the merchant Herman Kohany ( 1882–1942 ) who perished in the Holocaust under unknown circumstances , and Paulina Kohany , née Raaber ( 1882–1942 ) , a porcelain designer in her youth , who was killed along with her younger daughter Hilde Kohany ( 1920–1942 ) in Treblinka .	designer
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	16	Bobbie 's father was theologian Morris S. Seale , her sister was Thea Porter the fashion designer and her brother was writer and journalist Patrick Seale .	designer
female	8	During her temporary incarceration , Rodica Negroiu 's lawyer claimed against - expertise on the bodies of Jactel and Helluy .	lawyer
female	4	Together with the cyborg mechanic , Cinder , and her allies , Winter might even have the power to launch a revolution and win a war that has been raging for far too long .	mechanic
female	11	"The Dreyfus affair was triggered in September 1894 when an office cleaner at the German Embassy in Paris , who was also an agent of French military intelligence , passed her French contacts a handwritten memorandum ( widely known as the "" bordereau "" ) , evidently written by an unnamed French officer , offering the German Embassy various confidential military documents ."	cleaner
female	1	The lawyer suggests she renounce the will and refuse the money , which would then go to Frank .	lawyer
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	4	The former Boilermaker point guard has led her team to two Big Ten Tournament championships and two NCAA Tournament Elite Eight appearances in her three years as head coach .	guard
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	2	The product manager , Tatiana Nahai , was the responsible for choosing among the options and she discusses the ideas with the narrative designer .	manager
female	19	The biological mother of Mia who was often portrayed as faceless character who lived in New York as fashion designer having her face always covered by a sculpture , in the 1st half of the show .	designer
female	11	A month after Carol was admitted to the hospital , her physician said she was suffering from malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies .	physician
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	1	The Driver meets The Player at her apartment to pay her , but they are interrupted by The Detective , who threatens her and alludes to her criminal history .	driver
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	9	She also directed shows , with her mother as manager and her sister as actress .	manager
female	33	"Very critical , an article published in "" L'Humanité "" considered the concert as "" impeccable "" , but the lack of spontaneity in the show leads the author to conclude that "" Farmer takes the mickey out of her public "" ."	farmer
female	7	After she died of cancer , her physician sister discovered , from the people whose lives she 'd touched , the ways in which Deborah had been a gift .	physician
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	24	If the child wished to satisfy the requirements of the statute , it would be necessary to persuade the trier of fact that the physician actually observed her injuries and formed the requisite opinion that they were intentionally inflicted on her .	physician
female	1	The driver , Anna Gallagher , 28 , and her mother , Margaret Doherty , 63 , were both killed instantly .	driver
female	0	Farmer is currently the Chief Evangelist for CSforAll and she was a senior policy advisor for tech inclusion at the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy in the Obama administration and Chief Strategy and Growth Officer at the National Center for Women & Information Technology .	farmer
female	7	After learning this , her primary care physician and nutritionist were able to adjust their counseling approach , putting more emphasis on exercise and eating nonstarchy vegetables rather than on limiting portion sizes .	physician
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	2	While the mechanic and her new love interest exchange a look , the woman from the restaurant emerges from a curtain wearing a nightgown .	mechanic
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	2	The sex manager sells Marco images of her arriving at the sex club with Edouard and her father .	manager
female	6	In other words , a risk-averse manager ( i.e. , CEO ) may take into account her under-diversified human capital risk in the innovation decision .	manager
female	8	As a teenager and choir member , the manager of a gospel record company discovered her singing style and signed her to a record contract .	manager
female	12	"In the case , "" Brooks v. Industries "" , a female janitor working in a male prison lost her position due to gender in prison issues ."	janitor
female	1	A physician who respects her autonomy should respect Ann 's right to make this decision .	physician
female	22	Two days later the project was revealed to be a hoax perpetrated by Funny Or Die , after the video 's costume designer posted the experience on her online resume .	designer
female	5	Pallavi Purkayastha , a Mumbai lawyer , was brutally murdered by her watchman for fighting for her dignity because he tried to sexually assault her .	lawyer
female	8	This is just the beginning step in the analyst separating herself from the powerful press to join the patient in a state of dual unity .	analyst
female	15	Anesthesiologists are also more motivated to change practice when graphs report contrasted data between the physician and his   /   her team and a lower conformity or effectiveness for the physician than for his   /   her team .	physician
female	24	Emma , a young woman not yet 18 , packs up her belongings and prepares to leave the convent to marry the man her farmer father has arranged as her husband : country doctor Charles Bovary .	farmer
female	5	Her mother was a scratch cook and her steelworker father a gardener .	cook
female	4	We find that the physician must base her decision on a firm theoretical base combined with a practical and realistic view of the patient 's situation on a case to case basis .	physician
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	6	There she met `` Pat the farmer '' as she calls him .	farmer
female	3	Bochsa became her manager as well as her lover .	manager
female	5	She was also appointed the manager for a number of other hotels as she soon got a reputation to rapidly increase the business with new marketing ideas in both the hotel and restaurang business , for instance increasing the use of vegetables in order to cut down on the expensive meat , and introduced new ideas in the tourist business by working together with the London-based Thomas Cook travel agency in order to be able to offer luxury accommodations combined with hunting and fishing in Sweden for rich British visitors .	manager
female	2	One female farmer , surprised by the gendered roles she and her husband assumed once they had children , explained :	farmer
female	3	Her primary care physician examined her , issued a Controlled Ankle Movement ( CAM ) walking boot and immobilised her ankle for 6 weeks .	physician
female	3	Ike 's road manager , Rhonda Graam , advises Tina to leave him , but she refuses .	manager
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Some months later , the Saturnic slaves - driver Eviless escaped from her cell on Paradise Island and assembled a gang of prisoners , called Villainy , Inc. Clea was a part of it .	driver
female	8	Who is the villain and how the auto driver convinces the heroine 's love to her father forms the rest of the story .	driver
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	0	designer Dhafali Devi won the award for her rug under the Discipline category .	designer
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	15	The Sui by Anna Sui line and her jeans line continued under operation after the designer left her designer job at Gilmar 's Cento X Cento .	designer
female	6	"Finding that Barnett , a trained physician , killed herself deliberately with an overdose of arthritis painkiller , coroner Guy Tooze said , "" She had recently suffered one of the most traumatic experiences any woman could suffer "" ."	physician
female	2	As costume designer Rita Riggs described in her 2001 Archive of American Television interview , Lear 's idea was to create the feeling of sepia tones , in an attempt to make viewers feel as if they were looking at an old family album .	designer
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	5	In her absence , the manager , Moro , is her representative .	manager
female	11	When the taxi gets stuck in a traffic jam , the driver suggests that she get out of the car and climb down an emergency escape in order to make her important meeting , though he warns her that doing so might change the very nature of reality .	driver
female	18	In 1985 , aged 21 , she left Romania for a 3-year contract in Las Vegas , her manager then having big plans for her in the USA .	manager
female	6	Against her mother 's wishes , Driver and her sister modernised her performance and Driver became a ballad singer .	driver
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	10	Only four people were present at her wedding ; a lawyer , a judge and her mum and dad .	lawyer
female	19	"plejada.pl "" revealed on "" Dzień Dobry TVN "" that according to her knowledge Maja Sablewska ( Górniak 's manager ) and Kuba Wojewódzki had been offered to serve as the judges ."	manager
female	10	After her mother 's death , New York City fashion designer Lisa Rayborn ( Natasha Henstridge ) returns to her hometown and family farm .	designer
female	9	Rodham married Maria Victoria Arias , a Cuban immigrant lawyer whom he met while she was interning at the public defender ' s office , in 1986 ; they lived in Coral Gables , Florida .	lawyer
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	0	Farmer was also heavily involved in the women ’s political rights movement and frequently wrote letters to her representatives if she was unpleased by public affairs .	farmer
female	42	The narratives that emerge from biography and psychoanalytic treatment incorporate elements of empathy , ideology ( theory ) , and transference/countertransference and are co-constructed within an intersubjective field involving the subjectivities of both participants , the biographer and her subject and the analyst and her analysand .	analyst
female	0	Farmer was the only American Samoan in her event .	farmer
female	4	"In the song , Farmer "" extracted her complexes by spreading the error on the human race "" ."	farmer
female	20	Fearful for her children 's fate , she decided to befriend the Navajos , and discovered that the tribe 's chief was a friend of her husband 's .	chief
female	3	Universal ; her lawyer advised that she not waste time and money taking the issue to court , so Harrison decided to go independent instead .	lawyer
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	5	"Rita Ryack is a costume designer who was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Costume Design at the 73rd Academy Awards for her work in "" How the Grinch Stole Christmas "" ."	designer
female	13	This patient had an established diagnosis of vasoreactive PAH , and as a physician herself , was uniquely qualified to engage in a complex treatment regimen .	physician
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	1	Her manager arranged studio sessions for her at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill , the same studio where The Clash , Led Zeppelin , Paul McCartney and Rihanna have recorded .	manager
female	12	Set in the distant future , the film centers on a lowly janitor -LRB- Mila Kunis -RRB- who learns that she has a great genetic destiny .	janitor
female	32	It is important that in order to be an industrial design the product has to be produced in an industrial way , for example an artisan ca not be considered an industrial designer although she may challenge the same aspects of a product .	designer
female	19	Williams , OM , CMG , FRCP ( 2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992 ) was a Jamaican physician , most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor , a condition of advanced malnutrition , and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk .	physician
female	30	During this interval she began consuming soy milk and became profoundly hypothyroid ( free thyroxine < 0.4 ng/dL , TSH = 248 µIU/mL ) , even though the primary care physician had increased her levothyroxine dose to 112 µg/day .	physician
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	8	Tian Wenhua ( ) , Chairman and general manager of Sanlu and Party Secretary was stripped of her party and functional posts during an extraordinary meeting of the Hebei provincial standing committee of the Communist Party of China .	manager
female	4	In 2001 , her lawyer informed her that she would have to travel to Sydney , Australia to be interviewed for her green card .	lawyer
female	4	Her father was a lawyer and her mother an Englishwoman born in Gibraltar .	lawyer
female	9	Late Alhaji Tijani Akanni Kolawole Williams was a sales manager and her mother was Madam Wusamot Abeni Kareem .	manager
female	8	At the same time , a young prison guard , Chen Jie ( Li Bingbing ) is calling her mother to say that she will soon be returning home for the holiday .	guard
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	16	Elizabeth Florence Emanuel ( née Weiner , born 5 July 1953 ) is a British fashion designer who is best known for designing , with her former husband David Emanuel , the wedding dress worn by Diana , Princess of Wales , in 1981 .	designer
female	2	His former driver , Matiya Akantorana , and her former body guard , Jimmy Eyou , petitioned the IGG , claiming that the judge had received their travel allowances from the accounting officer of the judiciary but had failed to pass those funds to the complainants .	driver
female	11	On February 10 , 1940 , the colonel - in - chief , Princess Patricia , inspected her regiment for the first time in twenty - one years .	chief
female	6	"In 1972 , an American show manager offered Haag a tour booking and she performed her show "" Berlin Chanson "" at Fire Island , in Long Island and Atlantic City ."	manager
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	6	When the patient felt that the analyst doubted her memory , or was not on her side , she angrily and vengefully broke off her treatment .	analyst
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	6	This led to suspicion that the developer intentionally manipulated her drop rate so most players would pour a lot of money to attempt drawing her in vain while sustaining the illusion that she was still in the gacha pool .	developer
female	12	Dr. Fred Jannings ( Gene Lockhart ) has been the family 's physician since Cynthia 's birth , and he strongly recommends against her doing any strenuous activities .	physician
female	4	"Chinese CDC former vice chief Yang Gongchuan stated that she asked the national CDC and confirmed that there was no "" direct report "" from Wuhan in 2019 ."	chief
female	6	During her construction , an assistant physician , Leo Alexandroff , left the ship 's advance party on 20 April 1899 , and applied for U.S. citizenship .	physician
female	12	In 2013 , when industry doyenne and Vogue editor - in - chief Anna Wintour instagrammed herself reading her own September issue , Wilson ' encouraged ' Vogue to challenge to challenge its fans to make the same pose .	chief
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	0	designer Dhafali Devi won the award for her rug .	designer
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	1	The physician tells him that despite being infected with the plague , she will survive .	physician
female	1	The designer Jill Richards , herself a Hollywood actress of around the same era , favoured it in her collections of the 1970s , attracting a clientele of names such as Nancy Reagan .	designer
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	8	In the video , she portrayed a car driver , where she constantly makes accidents due to her anger .	driver
female	24	Beulah Elizabeth Hazelrigg Brown ( November 24 , 1892 – March 26 , 1987 ) was a Hoosier painter , educator , and textile designer who is best known for her bold , colorful , abstract patterns for fabrics , as well as figure , genre , landscapes , and floral still - life paintings in watercolor , her preferred media .	designer
female	18	Three novel processes ( negotiating , constructing , and attuning ) were identified that integrate the individual faculty developer , her context , and the evolution of her competence .	developer
female	3	Her husband and manager , Norwegian double bass player John Martin , was subsequently charged with her murder and the attempted murder of a teenager who could not be named for legal reasons .	manager
female	18	When a white woman who got on the bus was left standing in the front , the bus driver , Robert W. Cleere , commanded Colvin and three other black women in her row to move to the back .	driver
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	5	Her father was a restaurant cook and her mother , who wished to be a writer , stayed at home .	cook
female	6	At her arraignment , her own lawyer threatened to have her bound and gagged .	lawyer
female	7	The plan backfires after Roslin 's Marine guard smuggles her medication .	guard
female	10	She entered the AAGPBL as a pitcher , but Comets manager Josh Billings promptly moved her to the outfield because of her hitting abilities .	manager
female	6	It was claimed that the dead guard , Aisha , was Gaddafi 's favourite and threw herself across Gaddafi 's body to stop the bullets .	guard
female	18	From 1999 to 2002 , she portrayed Randi King on the legal drama Family Law , portraying a lawyer for the first time since she played Brandy Henderson on The Edge of Night .	lawyer
female	6	Máxima Acuña is a Peruvian subsistence farmer and environmentalist , who is known for her fight to remain on land wanted for a new mine , the Conga Mine enduring years of violent intimidation by Newmont Mining Corporation and Buenaventura ( mining company ) , for which she received the 2016 Goldman Environmental Prize .	farmer
female	2	May A mechanic who Heather Trott tracks down as she thinks he is a man she has been speaking to on the Internet .	mechanic
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	1	One physician reported that she had `` a spirit like Joan of Arc , and it is useless to try to change it .	physician
female	6	Although most felt that the pregnant physician maintained her professional interests and efficiency , one-third reported women of childbearing age to be a hiring risk .	physician
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	2	Although her lawyer advised her to file charges for the mistreatment , injuries and death threats she received , Fata preferred to set an example to her opponents , amintaining that `` We should let things go now , it is the smartest thing to do .	lawyer
female	2	The station manager had told the operator of the control room to turn on the microphone if she ever started to sing .	manager
female	3	Swiss exile and physician , she continued to live in London where , through her husband , she had contact with many leading scientists .	physician
female	19	Unlike guidelines that attempt to modify behavior through traditional educational methods , these computerized guidelines are seen by the physician every time she sees a patient .	physician
female	24	In court Mohamed said he would fight the annulment and the judge stated it would be difficult for Danielle to win ; Danielle 's lawyer advised her to change the filing , and she removed the annulment .	lawyer
female	14	Satya , Lucky and Gopal enter the house as Satya Menon , a Malayali cook and her assistants .	cook
female	8	She had follow-up appointments with her primary care physician and cardiothoracic surgeon scheduled for the following week .	physician
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	2	"Chanel chief designer Karl Lagerfeld noted Zhou Xun for her strong fashion sense , describing the actress as "" a synthesis of young Coco Chanel and Ballet Troupe Zizi Jeanmaire . """	designer
female	3	She portrayed fashion designer `` Margo Lynley '' from the serial ' s inception until 1992 when she left to begin a family .	designer
female	17	Using the kidnapee 's name as a pseudonym , Joe secures an apartment and befriends the building manager and neighbor , Delilah Alves ( Carmela Zumbado ) and her teenage sister , Ellie Alves ( Jenna Ortega ) .	manager
female	8	"Under the label "" LalicA "" , the designer has produced her clothing line since 2002 ."	designer
female	1	"A physician described her perspective of how individuals who provide funds to humanitarian agencies view the proper use of their funds : "" I think that people have this notion … that if you have funding and money and resources , then it should go completely and directly to saving a life ."	physician
female	34	In order to clarify these ideas , clinical material from the analysis of a bulimic patient is presented to illustrate some of the difficulties for this patient in becoming a subject and allowing the analyst to make an impact on her .	analyst
female	15	Considering her renal failure and urinary excretion of 153 Sm-EDTMP after intravenous administration , nuclear physician decided that careful and cost-effective treatment could only be achieved by performing 80 % of the conventional activity , i.e. 29.6 MBq/Kg ( 0.8 mCi/Kg ) instead of 37 MBq/Kg ( 1 mCi/Kg ) , 16 hours before haemodialysis .	physician
female	17	According to Graves , a pregnant Mary is compelled to pretend to marry an old , pious carpenter , Joseph , to protect herself and the unborn Jesus ..	carpenter
female	7	Sawa then meets Monaka ' s sleazy Manager that realizes she favors `` Red Club '' -LRB- The gun of Destiny -RRB- , which was used by the previous assassin like her .	manager
female	2	Beowulf 's lawyer , Rachel Bird , noted in her objection that the 15-month investigation had already included a search of the family home for the same information .	lawyer
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	Paulina hires a lawyer so she can be free and help Paola .	lawyer
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	9	Prior to entering politics , Philpott was a family physician known for promoting medical education in Africa , HIV / AIDS fundraising , refugee advocacy , and her work on the social determinants of health .	physician
female	16	Subsequent to this , the BBC reported on 11 July 2019 that the ex - office manager , Jo Kinsey , had been ' vindicated ' following her complaint , having received a letter of apology from Lopresti following an internal Conservative party investigation .	manager
female	6	Meanwhile , Zatoichi befriends a local farmer and her gambler nephew and eventually offers his assistance to two geisha siblings ( one of whom is actually a man ) who are seeking revenge for the murder of their parents .	farmer
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	1	The manager took it down and each morning she restored it to its place .	manager
female	14	The virus from the index nursery infant was different from the strain infecting the physician and her fetus .	physician
female	8	"He also brought first - time collaborators production designer Barbara Ling based on her work in recreating historical settings in "" The Doors "" , and costume designer Arianne Phillips , who had a strong client list to her name including Tom Ford , James Mangold and Madonna ."	designer
female	6	On November 9 , Jackson 's manager E.J. Bonner arranged for her open in Manchester , appearing at the Lewis Department store dance - hall .	manager
female	10	He shares the lonely home with his live - in cook and her daughter , Celeste .	cook
female	30	"Pope opted to leave Naughty Dog around 2010 , after "" "" was released , to move to Saitama , Japan , along with his wife Keiko , a game designer herself ."	designer
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	16	"However , due to the Pope 's popularity in Argentina , Kirchner made what the political analyst Claudio Fantini called a "" Copernican shift "" in her relations with him and fully embraced the Francis phenomenon ."	analyst
female	13	A 65-year-old female had been diagnosed with right lung cancer by her family physician , and she was introduced to our Department of Thoracic Surgery at Matsuyama Red Cross Hospital in May 2004 .	physician
female	5	Her father was a travelling salesperson and her mother was a musician , singer ( contralto ) and organist .	salesperson
female	1	Her lawyer asks Niki about the two million dollars , but she feigns ignorance .	lawyer
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	30	Francisco Uyami , Pasig City police chief stated that the limbs of Tecson 's body were already stiff when the corpse was found , suggesting that the 40-year - old lawyer was already several hours dead before her remains were discovered .	lawyer
female	0	Farmer currently lives in the Chiricahua Mountains in Arizona with her husband ; they have one son , Daniel .	farmer
female	24	However , interpreting from a position of bearing the truth of the patient 's perception will be technically difficult and indicate turmoil as the analyst struggles to take in the patient 's view of her .	analyst
female	6	While she is recovering , a physician convinces the courts that she would be able to live in a halfway house if she takes a violence-suppressing drug that he designed .	physician
female	1	Production designer Mihaela Poenaru drew on her recollections of the period to prepare the locations .	designer
female	20	Bokhary ' s first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .	manager
female	11	To avoid this , she married a fellow revolutionary , the mechanic Maxime N e gro .	mechanic
female	52	Graphical formats varied by : type of graph ( bar charts , linear sliders , or pictographs ) , presence or not of a target to reach , presence or not of a contrast between a hypothetical physician and his   /   her team , direction of the difference between the physician and his   /   her team , and restitution or not of the quality indicator evolution over the previous six months .	physician
female	5	Her father worked as a carpenter and her mother was a teacher .	carpenter
female	7	After a period of silence , a physician says she fears that the government will somehow retaliate if this issue is raised .	physician
female	23	On the evening of September 5 , 1982 , Gaynor , her husband Paul Gregory , actress Mary Martin , and Martin 's manager Ben Washer were involved in a serious car accident in San Francisco .	manager
female	21	On April 16 , 2014 , her birthday , she was involved in a distracted driving car accident when a texting driver hit her car , she was not injured .	driver
female	13	Self-examination of the breast at monthly intervals , annual physical examination by her physician and mammography in two planes after the age of 40 years is recommended .	physician
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	1	The guard cursed at Baxley and she then punched the guard in the face , giving him a nosebleed .	guard
female	5	Of impossible prowess , that chief of the Haihaya race of yadav Kshatriyas swayed the whole earth with her belt of seas , together with all her islands and all her precious mines of gold and gems .	chief
female	18	It would have also required minors to wait 48 hours before being able have an abortion after her physician contacts her parents to notify the parents of approval for the procedure .	physician
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	2	The BMW driver cleverly gives Belle the slip , but as the car passes , she recognizes the occupants as the same models from the airport .	driver
female	4	The motel ' s manager reported that she had shot Cooke in self-defense after he broke into her office residence and attacked her .	manager
female	7	Natalie Portman had to use a stunt driver as she could not drive a manual transmission .	driver
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	16	Alina Margolis was born on 18 April 1922 in Łódź , Poland to the Jewish   physician and her husband , , who was also a physician .	physician
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	11	By the mid-1960s , Lidia Falcón , a Barcelona - based lawyer , had established herself as a leading feminist in Spain at a time when the women 's liberation movement in the country lacked a formalized ideology and structure found in other European countries and the United States .	lawyer
female	2	One female farmer explained that her family had previously benefited from a state childcare subsidy .	farmer
female	5	Her father is a taxi driver and her mother is unemployed with no regular income .	driver
female	5	"In her honour , the farmer named the transformed eggs with their delicate crystalline patterns on their surfaces "" pine - patterned eggs "" ."	farmer
female	22	Regarding The Silence of the Lambs mentioned above , I remember a behind-the-scenes documentary on it , and in it the costume designer for the film mentioned that she specifically strove for more ageless clothing for everyone , rather than what would have been characteristic of the early 1990s .	designer
female	12	When Howell dies in prison from a stab wound , Yuri 's chief ends her career for her quick arrest contributing to his death .	chief
female	25	Dr Clarkson and Lady Grantham believe that Sybil is suffering from eclampsia and must be sent to hospital , while Lord Grantham and his hired physician , Sir Philip Tapsell , believe she is fine and should remain at Downton .	physician
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	13	"Olga , the main character , wants to be a costumes and set designer and her dreams come true when she works as an assistant for the famous edition of "" La Traviata "" directed by Luchino Visconti in 1955 ."	designer
female	4	"Her father was a lawyer and her mother , a homemaker , "" encouraged her to pursue a professional career "" ."	lawyer
female	8	This episode introduces the station ' s graphics designer , Mona , as she draws pictures for Nas ' story for the children ' s segment `` Listen With Frank '' .	designer
female	10	"On her way to the place of execution the pagan lawyer Theophilus said to her in mockery : "" Bride of Christ , send me some fruits from your bridegroom 's garden . """	lawyer
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	7	Part way through their conversation , the driver asks her passenger why her veil is so tight .	driver
female	20	The patient was referred after 3 years of unsuccessful outcomes with standard topical and oral treatments prescribed by her family physician and three dermatologists .	physician
female	0	"Farmer tells her own story from the Valmont 's sentence ( "" it 's beyond my control "" ) : that of a woman who kills her unfaithful lover after a night of love ."	farmer
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	12	At home , Suzanne learns from Doris that Suzanne 's sleazy business manager Marty Wiener has absconded with all her money .	manager
female	6	At the same time , the designer wanted her creations to be equally as interesting on an intellectual level for parents to enjoy also .	designer
female	3	The new Area manager took up her appointment just after ODTP implementation , a time of great uncertainty -especially in PPP-sd where managerial transition had been experienced by staff as quite traumatic ( YY interview , 22.07.2017 ) .	manager
female	6	However , Budanova ' s aircraft mechanic , Inna Pasportnikova wrote that she shot down her first aircraft on 6 October when she attacked 13 Ju 88 bombers , downing one .	mechanic
female	0	Farmer then referred to her desire to live in America to make a new start in her life .	farmer
female	2	Although costume designer Vasuki Baskar wrote on her social media account that the first look of the film would be released on 13 November , during the Diwali festival , it was unveiled on 15 December 2012 at Yuvan Shankar Raja 's concert in Malaysia .	designer
female	1	A physician uses her expertise to identify and address the health needs of patients or communities on their behalves .	physician
female	12	tients with coronavirus disease 2019 in New York City , emergency room physician Lorna Breen took her own life .	physician
female	18	However , after seeing the audience reaction to the film Candy allowed her friends to let the house manager know that she was in the audience .	manager
female	17	Jenny Hellström ( born 1976 in Hofors , Gästrikland ) is both the name of a Swedish designer and her clothing brand .	designer
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	6	After World War II the famous designer reestablished herself .	designer
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
female	7	Carlotta , the child , helps the analyst to follow her quest for meaning making even as the interaction between them adheres to and departs from the deepening pentimenti of traumatic experience , which needs to be unraveled and reconstructed in order that her own developmental progression can be rejoined .	analyst
female	16	Houseflies ( Musca domestica ) occurring on the farm in great quantity were suspected by the farmer herself as the causative agent .	farmer
female	10	When asked about how one deals with stress , a manager indicated that she would have moments where she would just break down and cry .	manager
male	1	Point guard Cliff Clinkscales committed three in his first 12 minutes on the court .	guard
male	3	Prominent Lithuanian clothing designer usually organizes his collections presentations in Vilnius .	designer
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	12	Only a new aspect -LRB- Zs6 -RRB- was created to inform the driver if he was to be diverted onto the wrong line .	driver
male	0	"Farmer himself said that the best route was to "" let the reader decide "" , but Wold Newton fan and "" scholar """	farmer
male	8	During the Jacobite rising of 1745 , their chief , then the Duke of Gordon , pledged his support to the British - Hanoverian Government , but his clan remained Jacobite .	chief
male	7	In the 1996–97 season , newly appointed manager Kees Zwamborn awarded Lucius with his senior official debut , an Eerste Divisie match away against BV Veendam on 20 August 1996 ( 0–1 loss ) , and the player was an undisputed starter in his two years with the ' s - Hertogenbosch side , as it consecutively fell short in the promotion playoffs .	manager
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	4	Meanwhile , a wealthy lawyer from a privileged family learns he has AIDS , and a truck driver ' s dangerous sexual proclivities endanger his wife .	lawyer
male	4	Fudo , a taxi driver who lives in Sarajevo with his wife and a newborn baby , is pressured by his wife to turn his life around from being associated with local and regional mafia .	driver
male	26	This system is especially organized in order to obtain simultaneously a quantitative evaluation of antibiotic use and a qualitative analysis of the process by which the physician makes his decision for therapy .	physician
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	8	In relation to her disappearance , a security guard testified that he saw a woman vaguely matching her description jump into the Mississippi River saying the words `` I belong into water '' .	guard
male	8	On 8 August 2008 he was appointed the manager of Belarusian Premier League team Dnepr Mogilev , where he worked until 2011 .	manager
male	2	The Jie chief Shi Le was sold as a slave by Western Jin officials before his uprising and owned by a Han Chinese called Shi Huan ( 師懽 ) , and began his rebellion as a slave revolt against his Han Chinese masters .	chief
male	5	The pre - season saw manager Roy Sproson add two youngsters to his squad : forward	manager
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	10	After he returned to fitness , he had a new manager , as Gordon Lee left the club , and `` Valiants '' legend Roy Sproson took his place at Vale Park .	manager
male	24	The 2006 Cheetham Hill terrorism arrests was an anti - terrorism operation in the United Kingdom , in which Habib Ahmed , a taxi driver , was arrested by six policemen at his home in Cheetham Hill , Manchester on 23 August 2006 on suspicion of his involvement in a plan to attack on an individual .	driver
male	14	For example , if one worker designs cars and another builds them , the designer will use his cognitive skills more frequently than the builder .	designer
male	33	The patient was able to be extubated after 5 days of corticosteroids and was discharged home on fluticasone/salmeterol 115 - 21 μg twice daily with recommendation for close follow-up with his primary care physician and pulmonologist .	physician
male	36	He was then made assistant manager , and coached the side in the Uefa Champions League in a qualifying match against the Latvian champions , FK Ventspils , but left the club after two years when manager Andy Legg appointed Steve Jenkins as his assistant .	manager
male	9	These would have been important tribal centres where the chief or king of the area would live with his extended family and support themselves by farming and renting cattle to their underlings .	chief
male	4	Trish helped Pal the janitor clear himself of murder charges by bringing him to the Zendik commune , where he learned kung-fu and how to speak intelligibly and avenge himself .	janitor
male	9	"After the game , the usually placid West Ham manager , John Lyall , uncharacteristically expressed his anger to Thomas and said he "" felt cheated "" ."	manager
male	4	Muir prospered when new manager , John King , signed a big target - man , Jim Steel , as his strike partner in late 1987 .	manager
male	6	His daughter Maria was his lab manager and his daughter Lena was one of his collaborators .	manager
male	26	A hard-core exercise addict ' ca n't live ' without daily running , manifests withdrawal symptoms if deprived of exercise , and runs even when his physician says he should n't .	physician
male	0	Manager St a le Solbakken was so frustrated that he kicked some water bottles , which led to exclusion from the bench and a ban in the next Superliga match .	manager
male	9	The hard - driving trucking adventures of a dog driver and his ferret mechanic sidekick .	driver
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	32	Moore was also the last driver to die in a CART FedEx Championship Series event before the reunion with the IndyCar Series and it was not until 2003 that another open wheel driver lost his life in an accident ( Tony Renna ) .	driver
male	6	"Of his other writings , the chief were "" Lectures on Moral Science "" ( 1862 ) , "" The Law of Love and Love as a Law "" ( 1869 ) , "" An Outline Study of Man "" ( 1873 ) , "" The Scriptural Idea of Man "" ( 1883 ) , and "" Teachings and Counsels "" ( 1884 ) ."	chief
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	22	As a general rule , the Egyptians used chariots as mobile archery platforms ; chariots always had two men , with the driver steering the chariot with his reins while the main archer aimed his bow and arrow at any targets within range .	driver
male	8	At the end of the marriage ceremony the farmer receives his payment , and the squire and Olivia embrace .	farmer
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	5	They bind and gag the farmer and his wife , and stab a male and female servant who attempt to help their masters .	farmer
male	6	Finding further resistance vain , the chief tendered his submission , and Junagaḍh was admitted among the tributary states .	chief
male	10	After a woman was gang raped by an auto rickshaw driver and his accomplices in Chandigarh in 2017 , she suggested that women should avoid traveling with strangers , earning wide - spread criticism from the opposition and social media .	driver
male	2	Skimmer taxi driver who allied himself with Acorna and assists the Child Labour League to free the child slaves on Kezdet .	driver
male	16	It outlines those things found helpful in presenting a positive image to the patient by a physician and his staff - telephone contacts , waiting rooms , patient flow , and common complaints .	physician
male	2	Browne was physician to Queen Elizabeth , to James I , and to his queen Anne of Denmark .	physician
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	30	"Rather than focusing upon the body of knowledge available in the behavioral sciences , or upon the pursuit of learning "" psychiatry "" or "" psychotherapy , "" the family physician should first develop his own personal skills ."	physician
male	23	While he was abusing alcohol , he appeared in court to testify against the father who committed the crime , and the defense lawyer discovered he was under the influence while testifying on the stand .	lawyer
male	3	However a local farmer , Chris Combe , offered his part of land on Roundway Hill as an alternative site , provided permission was granted by the Crown Estates Commissioners , who own the land .	farmer
male	1	A guard came to his cell door , opened it and told him to pack his things .	guard
male	2	The combo guard spent his final two seasons at Texas Wesleyan .	guard
male	26	When McDermott left in May 2014 Redfearn stood down from his role of first team coach to continue his role as reserve team / development squad manager as well as his role of Academy Manager .	manager
male	4	Einthoven , a Dutch physician , was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for his discovery of the mechanism of the electrocardiogram .	physician
male	1	The guard who found the warden 's body insists that it was the work of Pinker , but can not bring himself to explain how he did it .	guard
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	4	Across town , a lawyer named Scott ( Seth Peterson ) is hiking in the woods with his partner Eddie ( Matt Williamson ) and their two young sons .	lawyer
male	16	The lawyer ' s wife does not agree to give their room to bachelors and so lawyer insists that he says that he is married .	lawyer
male	2	New Sunderland manager , David Moyes , deemed Matthews surplus to requirements at the Stadium of Light and he rejoined Bristol City on a season - long loan on 28 July 2016 .	manager
male	17	After his playing career finished he coached at York City and Sunderland , and later became kit manager for Swindon Town .	manager
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	1	While manager at Lincoln Murphy gained cult status for his notes in the club 's match day programme .	manager
male	15	Shortly before two o'clock on a chilly November afternoon in 1849 , the celebrated Harvard physician and surgeon , Dr. George Parkman , left his home on Boston 's fashionable Beacon Hill , expecting to return in a few hours .	physician
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	8	In 2017 , it was reported that the designer of Comic Sans had only used his typeface once .	designer
male	2	A Latvian guard , Bulv a ns , later testified that he saw two Germans , SS-Scharf u hrer The actual shootings were done by three units , one of Germans , another of Latvian SD men , and another unit of the Latvia police , apparently the one commanded by Gali n s .	guard
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	2	The occupational physician helped to adjust his activity : decreasing the weight of his diving suit , creating a female-like locker room etc .	physician
male	3	Smith ' s lawyer stated that he believes Mr .	lawyer
male	27	"In the ancient Celtic world , the yew tree ( "" * eburos "" ) had extraordinary importance ; a passage by Caesar narrates that Cativolcus , chief of the Eburones poisoned himself with yew rather than submit to Rome ( "" Gallic Wars "" 6 : 31 ) ."	chief
male	17	Czesław Kiszczak was born on 19 October 1925 , in Roczyny , the son of a struggling farmer who was fired as a steelworker because of his communist affiliation .	farmer
male	12	Long was born in Galveston one of five children to a rice farmer and his wife .	farmer
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	3	Because their previous manager was making claims that he owned the rights to the group ' s name , the group decided to change it as soon as possible .	manager
male	16	Spending time as a scout at Stoke City and Liverpool , he was made Witton Albion manager in 1967 , before he took to the United States for a brief spell in charge of the Cleveland Stokers in 1968 .	manager
male	7	His brother Franz was also a racing driver , and his nephew René started competing in the IndyCar Series in 2018 .	driver
male	6	"Norman Goldman , a Los Angeles lawyer , describes himself as "" fiercely independent "" and continues to acknowledge Schultz 's mentoring ."	lawyer
male	7	"At the Temple in Jerusalem , each farmer would present his "" Bikkurim "" to a Kohen in a ceremony that followed the text of ."	farmer
male	12	He was the father of Peta Nocona , who later became a chief himself .	chief
male	9	When they arrived at Pōmare 's Pā , the chief himself came down to see what all the fuss was about and was promptly made prisoner .	chief
male	1	The driver scored two podium finishes during his first season and was placed sixth in the standings .	driver
male	6	The Greek commander - in - chief , Alexandros Papagos , in his memoirs regarded the second phase as ending on 28 December 1940 ; as the historian Ioannis Koliopoulos comments , this seems more appropriate , as December marked a watershed in the course of the war , with the Greek counter - offensive gradually grinding to a halt , the German threat becoming clear , and the beginning of British attempts to guide and shape Greek strategy .	chief
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	15	During another alleged beating , guards threw him onto a gravel path , where one guard jumped on him , with his full weight , causing a stroke that left part of his face paralyzed .	guard
male	13	Nilssen maintains that the ovens were designed by Torsten Hoff , a renowned designer of ovens , who established himself as a sculptor in Christiania in 1711 , working there until his 1754 death .	designer
male	13	"In Season 2 of "" Orange Is the New Black "" , prison guard O'Neill excitedly tells Caputo about his purchase of a banjolele ."	guard
male	1	"The developer Joel Surnow , who described himself as "" devotee of Besson 's film "" , has repeatedly stated in interviews that the series is modelled explicitly after the Besson 's film and not the American remake , declaring that he had never seen "" Point of No Return "" ."	developer
male	4	in September 2016 his manager said he was good enough to play in the Football League , and he had a trial with League Two club Stevenage in October 2016 .	manager
male	2	Being a lawyer himself , the Beik presented a lot of suggestions for laws and regulations and participated in getting them executed , most of them were related to student affairs , student and workers rights and betterment of the governmental employees ’ situation .	lawyer
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	1	My manager and I had a long talk , and he set me up with a sports psychologist .	manager
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	9	His mother , Betty Tenenwurzel , was both a physician and dentist and his father , Bunim Tenenwurzel , was a dentist .  	physician
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	7	In one famous incident , a tank driver named Vladimir Živković drove his tank all the way from the front line at Vukovar to the federal parliament in Belgrade .	driver
male	18	There is a chance that additional information could impede the reusability of the service as the service consumer designer may streamline his design based on this knowledge .	designer
male	12	The most prominent case involved Eddie Gallagher , a Navy SEAL team chief who had been reported to Navy authorities by his own team members for sniping at an unarmed civilian girl and elderly man .	chief
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	16	"b ) To establish an "" a posteriori "" procedure for an euthanasia decided by the physician and his patient ."	physician
male	6	Future contracts are another way our farmer can hedge his risk without a few of the risks that forward contracts have .	farmer
male	0	Manager , Alan Irvine claimed that he believed Lonergan was good enough to play for England .	manager
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	1	A driver of a mineral train was stoned and dragged from his engine .	driver
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	2	"A northern chief , Nōpera Panakareao , also early on summarised his understanding of the Treaty as "" "" Ko te atarau o te whenua i riro i a te kuini , ko te tinana o te whenua"	chief
male	9	Murad Ali Mohammed ( Rishi Kapoor ) , a lawyer by profession lives amiably with his family in a densely - populated diverse locality of Varanasi .	lawyer
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	7	"In the 19th century , the Bengali physician N. C. Paul began the study of the physiology of yoga with his 1851 book "" Treatise on Yoga Philosophy "" , noting that yoga can raise carbon dioxide levels in the blood ( hypercapnia ) ."	physician
male	17	Jeremy Metcalfe -LRB- born 9 April 1988 in Fleet , Hampshire -RRB- is a British motor racing driver who last competed in 2008 in the British GT Championship where he finished the season as Vice-Champion along with team-mate Luke Hines .	driver
male	7	Elwood Engel , famous for being lead designer of the 1961 Lincoln Continental and for his work as chief designer at Chrysler in the 1960s , was Staff Stylist ( and consequently roamed all of the design studios ) at Ford during this period and worked very closely with John Najjar in developing not only the 1958 , but also the 1959 update .	designer
male	1	The physician who is the party to an action does not own the records of patients he has treated .	physician
male	23	In two volumes of memoirs , he recounted his memories of the Council House Fight in 1840 ( in which the family 's cook saved his life ) , the evacuation of the city during the incursion by Gen. Rafael Vásquez in 1842 , and his father 's return from the prison at Perote , Veracruz , in 1843 .	cook
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	7	In some situations , however , the driver is unaware that he has passed a signal at danger and so continues until a collision occurs , as in the Ladbroke Grove rail crash .	driver
male	21	Blidworth finished in 17th place at the end of season which was a respectable position considering the lack playing staff the manager had at his disposal but after this Keith Easom , Chris Bullock and Stan Matthews resigned from their positions at the club and it was then decided not to run an under 19 side for season 2010 - 11 .	manager
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	5	A successful and well known designer and craftsman in hand wrought silver jewelry by vocation , Joe 's greatest creative drive went into his work in sculpture .	designer
male	2	A small farmer , however , could free himself from the service by a monetary payment , if his economical standing allowed him to do so .	farmer
male	25	"Despite the manner of Friday 's arrival , and although he knew there "" had to be something wrong with him "" , the Cardiff manager was still happy with his purchase , describing the £ 28,000 transfer as "" an absolute steal "" ."	manager
male	22	He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain , in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle .	physician
male	3	A 66-year-old male farmer known to have diabetes mellitus on metformin presented to dermatology clinic with 2-week history of painful palmar lesions restrict his daily work activity .	farmer
male	4	General Hastings Ismay , chief of staff to Winston Churchill , described King as :   tough as nails and carried himself as stiffly as a poker .	chief
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	2	A point guard , McMahon ended his collegiate career with Eastern Washington University college basketball 's second best steals getter , with a 3.52 average per game , 225 over his 3-year career , an average that trails only Mookie Blaylock 's 3.8 .	guard
male	3	The only practicing lawyer to serve as president , Ryan served as legal adviser to the GAA for almost 30 years after his presidency .	lawyer
male	13	Ghote asks to see the dishes the meal was served in and the cook reveals that he is an unreliable witness by first claiming the dishes are washed then offering an `` unwashed dish '' which is actually a clean dish with leftovers from the dustbin added .	cook
male	2	The Scottish physician , librarian , and medical historian Robert Willis lived and practised there from 1846 until his death in 1878 .	physician
male	1	His lawyer then argued that Smith had renounced his citizenship and become a citizen of the Banda Oriental , that he had relied on the validity of the letter of marque , that he had argued against the capture of the French ship , and that Spanish and Portuguese ships were legitimate targets under the letter of marque .	lawyer
male	11	The Huntingdon Normal School was established by a spry young Huntingdon physician , Dr. Andrew B. Brumbaugh , and his two cousins , Henry and John Brumbaugh .	physician
male	19	His son , Atul Setalvad ( 25 October 1933 - 22 July 2010 ) was a Mumbai - based lawyer and his daughter - in - law Sita Setalvad , a rural crafts exponent , while his granddaughter , Teesta Setalvad , is a journalist , activist and educationist .	lawyer
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	8	His father , Mr. Sutchai , is a carpenter and his mother Ms. Somphon , is a practical nurse .	carpenter
male	11	"In his book "" Luxury Brand Management "" , luxury brand manager Michel Chevalier cites Omotesandō as one of the best locations in Tokyo for a luxury goods store ."	manager
male	3	A firm floor manager himself , he 's often exposed — and probably would n't have approved of this film .	manager
male	1	His manager tells Bolie that he must be crazy , that he was never knocked down at all .	manager
male	14	During his tenure at Gaston & Snow the legal fees , overhead , and lawyer salaries skyrocketed , as was the case at many of their competitors .	lawyer
male	9	However , as he does not have a Ghost Driver worn on his waist , due to being in incomplete state , his plan backfires and he is killed by the monolith 's power .	driver
male	16	At his press conference , Durocher emphatically ended the College of Coaches experiment by declaring himself manager , with Wrigley 's blessing .	manager
male	4	In addition , creative manager of THQ Cory Ledesma stated early in production that he planned on having numerous wrestler animations redone .	manager
male	5	A substitute for the idealized analyst , his voice , comments and presence , is described .	analyst
male	3	Fellow Audi DTM driver Mattias Ekström was nominated as his possible replacement by Audi .	driver
male	16	In a draft registration card completed during World War I , Gregory identified himself as a lawyer in business for himself with an office at 911 American Bank Building in Seattle .	lawyer
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	5	Bernt is a moody tram driver and his wife , Vera , owns a kiosk .	driver
male	0	"Manager and part - owner Connie Mack totally dismantled his AL - champion club after it was swept by the "" Miracle """	manager
male	3	Meanwhile , the lawyer who had led the effort to try Pamuk , Kemal Kerin c siz , said he would appeal the decision , saying , `` Orhan Pamuk must be punished for insulting Turkey and Turkishness , it is a grave crime and it should not be left unpunished .	lawyer
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	7	It was established that misunderstanding between engine driver and his helpmate , autonomic dysfunction , individual features of character and family conflicts play the main part in the development of neurotic reactions .	driver
male	5	Facing his conscience , the physician has a great responsibility .	physician
male	19	The most prevalent career arrangement for a male physician with young children was that of full-time employment for the physician himself with a partner not in employment or working less than 50%-time .	physician
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	3	Erik ' s manager said he was trying to establish a new and separate identity from CHIPS .	manager
male	6	In the present , Don 's lawyer , Barry Kellogg ( Brian T. Finney ) uses his powers to spread a dust into the jury , which includes Rosalee ( Bree Turner ) and causes them to agree with his statements .	lawyer
male	2	Barrera 's lawyer , Vidulfo Rosales , was threatened for his defense of indigenous women in May 2012 , causing Tlachinollan to file a complaint on his behalf .	lawyer
male	7	After haggling for a while , the driver finally lets him have it and he vows to drive it to his girlfriend 's house every day .	driver
male	2	"Spears 's manager Adam Leber responded in his Twitter account , saying , "" It 's unfortunate that one journalist in Perth did n't enjoy the show last night ."	manager
male	2	Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was complimentary of his opponents afterwards and was pleased there were no new injuries to report .	manager
male	7	On March 18 , 2010 , Fluid developer Todd Ditchendorf announced on his weblog that he was open - sourcing the browser - portion of Fluid ( also used by the Cruz browser ) under the Apache License as Fluidium .	developer
male	14	Mesrine and Besse eluded the subsequent massive sweep of the area by taking a farmer and his family hostage and forcing him to drive them to safety .	farmer
male	8	In 2019 , Judge Oscar Kazen ordered a lawyer and his clients to pay more than $ 220,000 in sanctions for an alleged “ vexatious litigation campaign ” against a mentally incapacitated millionaire and his guardians .	lawyer
male	2	The Chinese driver had joined his teammate in the pits at the end of the first lap after breaking his front wing on the Coloni Dallara of Alberto Valerio .	driver
male	4	An investigation found the driver had taken his eyes off the road .	driver
male	12	When he was 21 , in 1858 , he was appointed master mechanic of a railroad from Matanzas to Puerto Pr i ncipe in Cuba , and later worked for two years as chief engineer of a large Cuban sugar plantation .	mechanic
male	2	The referring physician has been following his patient for a long time , is aware of his medical , physical and psychological history , and will know how to determine if their intense exhaustion is due to a depressive episode , an undiagnosed physical illness , or their work conditions .	physician
male	17	As pilgrimages to the pond grew larger and more frequent , so did disquiet among the district chief and his officials , who answered to Ngô Đình Cẩn , another younger brother of Diệm .	chief
male	7	On 18 June , Sarsak ' s lawyer said he had agreed a deal to end his hunger strike in return for being released on July 10 .	lawyer
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	54	Bill Tempero , whose best lap was a 152.207   mph , and Rick DeLorto , clearly off the pace at just 107.223   mph in the best of his 30 laps , failed to complete their driver 's tests , while Jim Buick 's car never appeared on pit road , although the driver himself was present .	driver
male	14	Topal Pasha had dispatched this body of men under Memish Pasha as an advance guard with himself following up with the main army .	guard
male	2	The family physician can provide his patient with useful information to help him decide in favor of or against a total hip replacement procedure .	physician
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	1	Ferrari driver and polesitter Michael Schumacher began his final season in Formula One ( before his return with Mercedes in ) with second position .	driver
male	2	Former Persepolis manager Hamid Estili was named as his replacement .	manager
male	4	"The company 's production manager , Toivo Kärki , reluctantly took the beginning lyricist under his wing and taught him for five years , making him at first read Aristotle 's "" Poetics "" and learn musical notation ."	manager
male	2	Subsequently the farmer remained in debt for his whole life before passing it to his successors .	farmer
male	21	Appearing at the time of Dion Boucicault 's engagement in 1874 , Belasco later published sensationalized memories of that time making manager John Piper famous for his questionable management strategies .	manager
male	1	The guard starts his adventure dreaming of wealth and beautiful slave girls .	guard
male	10	The family are expecting a rare visit from the wealthy farmer and businessman , Ahab Kĩoi wa Kanoru and his wife , Jezebel .	farmer
male	4	Jack Brabham 's chief mechanic , Ron Dennis and his friend and colleague , Neil Trundle , decided to form their own racing team .	mechanic
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	1	The farmer and his wife immediately walked their property to take stock of their flock .	farmer
male	17	With that particular model of gearbox now out of production and none available anywhere , Dusty 's mechanic Dottie fits a warning light to his control panel to ensure that he does n't damage his gearbox any further .	mechanic
male	6	"He , probably more than any designer knew his customer and understood her . """	designer
male	5	On a separate issue , physician and conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer has criticized what he sees as a naive focus on living wills by the policymakers over other types of medical advice .	physician
male	1	A driver who commits a minor traffic offence during the probationary period will see his period extended by six months , and a second minor offence or a single serious offence will cancel the license entirely , forcing him to retake the driving test for another probationary licence .	driver
male	43	O. S. Nock describes it as ‘ the most disappointing and tactless act in his short and stormy career as CME , ’ and Allen stated ‘ he turned it into a machine of such hideous appearance as might well have made its designer turn in his grave .	designer
male	6	It is later revealed that the lawyer enlisted by the team for the case hearing is a B613 agent , and that he later helped Russell escape only to be killed by Rowan .	lawyer
male	3	Eventually , the manager takes them all in into his circus .	manager
male	6	On the managerial side , general manager Jim Rutherford finally won the Cup in his twelfth year with the franchise since joining the Whalers in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The manager , I forget his name [ Don Howe ] , said I was good – excellent – but he was full up .	manager
male	4	After the match , Manager Martin Hinshelwood praised Hammond 's performance , including his first goal for the side .	manager
male	2	London racing driver , motor vehicle dealer and engineer W. O. Bentley had suggested aluminium pistons to his car supplier Doriot , Flandrin & Parant and had them installed in those cars he imported .	driver
male	1	A physician can now manage his patients with , in most cases , sure knowledge of the aetiology .	physician
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	2	However a guard sees Spider-Man and thinks he is trying to rob the bank .	guard
male	1	A chief could add to his clan by adopting other families , and also had the legal right to outlaw anyone from his clan , including members of his own family .	chief
male	1	The chief has to make sure that he adhere to various rules and regulation sets by the whole people , and he must be very strict in his food habit as well , or else it easily resulted in his termination of the term .	chief
male	1	A farmer by trade , Fennelly purchased land in the town of Ballyhale along with his wife Theresa Hoyne in the early 1960s .	farmer
male	2	An ambitious farmer Henry Whipple ( Dennis Quaid ) discusses with his son Dean ( Zac Efron ) about the art of sales .	farmer
male	1	A lawyer , he practiced law before and after his tenure in Congress .	lawyer
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	10	A patient who can express his will : The attending physician , whether for a COVID-19 patient or a non-COVID-19 patient , must ascertain whether the patient wrote an advance medical directive or appointed a durable power of attorney for medical decisions .	physician
male	51	"In October 1998 , Hyundai complained to the BBC about what they described as "" bigoted and racist "" comments he made at the Birmingham Motor Show , where he was reported as saying that the people working on the Hyundai stand had "" eaten a dog "" and that the designer of the Hyundai XG had probably eaten a spaniel for his lunch ."	designer
male	8	"Having established himself in the first team , Manager Frédéric Antonetti praised Makoun 's performance , with one goal in five starts and said to L'Equipe : "" "" He is an experienced player , positive and generous , It is such big help for a young team as ours . """	manager
male	6	Melvin Dismukes , a private security guard , is assigned to protect a grocery store from looters and ingratiates himself with the Guardsmen .	guard
male	2	Shrewsbury Town manager Graham Turner was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	11	Traveling further , Rígr came across a pleasant house where a farmer / craftsman , Afi ( grandfather ) , lived with his wife Amma ( grandmother ) .	farmer
male	13	Throughout his life , Alexander Chaponnier led several front activities : that of physician and surgeon , that of writer and playwright and that , like his father , of painter and engraver .	physician
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	11	In March 1999 a court - appointed Chicago - area family lawyer visited Perry at his house to interview him in the visitation case .	lawyer
male	6	On June 15 , 2013 , Driver received a street in his name and a statue dedicated in his honor .	driver
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	5	In his first season as manager McGhee would take the club to 3rd in the league and thus qualify for the UEFA Cup for the first time in 13 years where they would be beaten by French side AS Nancy 3–0 on aggregate .	manager
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	3	The Toro Rosso driver beached himself at low speed on the outside of Luffield with eight laps to go , prompting marshalls to display yellow flags at the end of the new Wellington Straight and thus denying Vettel the opportunity to pass countryman Sutil into Brooklands .	driver
male	5	In 1749 , the London physician Richard Brocklesby ( 1722 - 1797 ) published his Reflections on Antient [ sic ] and Modern Musick , an essay that not only sought to compare these practices in terms of their effects , but also to gather evidence supporting the use of music in treating mania and other mental diseases .	physician
male	2	When the farmer placed his scarecrow on the beanpole , the spirit of the transformed Emperor entered the Scarecrow 's body , causing him to come to life .	farmer
male	1	- manager Joe Kelley returned for his fourth season .	manager
male	5	Although this fails , the chief invites Tony and his crew to his casino .	chief
male	1	ESPN analyst Jay Bilas had him among his six National Defensive Player of the Year candidates ...	analyst
male	2	Another Navatu chief by the name of Matawalu also made his way to Cakaudrove , some of his people now reside in Korolevu , Vunivatu , Vaturova etc .	chief
male	1	"Celebrity lawyer Alan Dershowitz acted as his parole attorney , having said that he "" would guarantee that Mr. Bakker would never again engage in the blend of religion and commerce that led to his conviction ."	lawyer
male	2	Sanchez became manager at Wycombe Wanderers in February 1999 , and with only 18 games left he rescued the team from imminent relegation .	manager
male	25	The history of serological investigations of the blood of the insane is traced from the initial such study in 1854 by a solitary Scottish asylum physician , who counted the blood cells of his lunatic patients under a weak microscope , to the January 2005 announcement by an international team of geneticists of the development of a genomic blood test that can differentially diagnose schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .	physician
male	3	The Federal Police chief confirmed his arrest the following day in a press conference .	chief
male	0	Farmer died at his home in 2020 , aged 71 .	farmer
male	1	The driver lost control of his car while overtaking three cars .	driver
male	14	He scored 14 goals in 1973–74 and 18 in 1974–75 before Gordon Lee became manager and Tudor lost his place .	manager
male	7	In 1526 and 1527 , the famous physician and alchemist Theophrastus von Hohenheim , who named himself Paracelsus , worked there ; he had just moved to Basel and was Froben 's family doctor .	physician
male	30	Set in a rural village near Cambridgeshire , England , the novel opens at a chicken farm which is attacked one night by a mysterious creature , leaving both the farmer and his wife dead .	farmer
male	8	He left Hearts in 1937 and was appointed manager at Bangor City , though he lost his position before the end of the year .	manager
male	7	After his second scoreless outing , Mets manager Willie Randolph designated Maine as the rotation 's fifth starter over higher - ranking prospect Mike Pelfrey .	manager
male	21	In 1660 , despite inducements to make him stay in France , Morison returned to England following the Restoration and became physician to Charles II as well as his botanist and superintendent of all the royal gardens with a salary of £ 200 per annum , and a free house .	physician
male	3	As a Rally2 driver , Zoltán Varga and his navigator lined up in the Autumn 1984 .	driver
male	15	"In later years , contrary to the early times when the rider was often the farmer himself , the horseman was a volunteer in the same way as in the infantry , and he was also supplied with a croft ( "" ryttartorp "" ) and pay from the farmer , who in turn gained a large tax reduction and also did not need to serve in the army ."	farmer
male	20	"Mail clerk J. M. Elben , of St. Louis , agreed to take him in , and the influential Chicago manager of the Railway Mail Service , using insulting language to refer to the "" mongrel cur "" , asked his employees not to allow him to ride on future mail trains ."	manager
male	48	She was of Métis ancestry , the granddaughter of Lydia Catherine Christie ( Métis ) and Donald C. McTavish ( Métis ) Chief Factor of the Hudson ’s Bay Company at Norway House , and the great - granddaughter of Sir George Simpson , Governor - in - Chief of the Hudson 's Bay Company and his wife Betsy Sinclair ( Métis ) .	chief
male	12	During the summer of 1965 Helmut Benthaus was signed as player - manager and Odermatt won his first league - winners medal in 1967 .	manager
male	2	How the analyst allows himself to have the experiences , work through and transform them into a useful interpretation is the issue studied in this paper .	analyst
male	17	Wilhelm Maybach was born in Heilbronn , Baden - Württemberg in 1846 , the son of a carpenter and his wife Luise .	carpenter
male	1	"The farmer can cultivate himself to this level , and no more "" , he wrote in 1899 ."	farmer
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	9	"Hence , during his opening statement , Santoro 's lawyer , Samuel Dawson , told the jury that there was no question that "" the Mafia exists and has members , "" but asked , "" Can you accept that just because a person is a member of the Mafia that does n't mean he committed the crimes charged in this case ?"	lawyer
male	20	"On January 8 , 2003 , Letitia White , who had worked for Lewis for 21 years , including as chief of staff , and was known as his "" gatekeeper "" , left Lewis ' employ , and government service ."	chief
male	1	British driver Perry McCarthy also used this design and colour scheme on his helmet , but with the design in reverse .	driver
male	12	The Section thus elaborates that “ whenever an epidemic occurs , a physician should not abandon his duty for the fear of contacting the disease ” .	physician
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	36	"Those employed at Hampton Court during the time of Queen Elizabeth I , for instance , were paid sixpence a day — a good living for the period — but the working life of a gong farmer was "" spent up to his knees , waist , even neck in human ordure "" ."	farmer
male	32	It is supposed to be a pro - Indian movie , and at the end the camera tells us the story was true , more or less , and that the Army chief of staff himself called the massacre shown in the film one of the most shameful moments in American history .	chief
male	20	"In his "" New York Times "" review , Frank Rich wrote : "" In his brilliant lighting ... the designer Dennis Parichy has captured the entire spectrum of weather known to habitues of New England beaches in August ."	designer
male	9	After Hamann 's departure , in November , new manager Jim Gannon kept McStay on as his assistant .	manager
male	8	The pamphlet containing the image states that the farmer , disgusted at the wage his mower was demanding for his work , insisted that he would rather have `` the devil himself '' perform the task .	farmer
male	6	The infection was transmitted by a physician from mainland China who travelled to Hong Kong and stayed in a local hotel , where he infected guests from other countries .	physician
male	2	A CIA analyst correctly deduces his motive and must prove his theory to the U.S. Navy before a violent confrontation between the Soviet and the American navies spirals out of control .	analyst
male	21	"The 2011 American comedy film "" 30 Minutes or Less "" is concerned about the kidnapping of a pizza - delivery driver and his subsequent coercive involvement in a bank robbery , which was loosely based on the 2003 death of Erie , Pennsylvania pizza deliveryman Brian Douglas Wells ."	driver
male	5	Of his separate publications the chief are :	chief
male	4	To restart , the driver simply takes his foot off the brake and presses the accelerator .	driver
male	17	Nash became so delusional in Africa as a missionary that he was almost like a white slave driver himself , forcing the natives to work for him and scoffing at their ideas of religion and cultural practices .	driver
male	6	At 2:30 AM , Kanter 's manager knocked on his door with alarming information .	manager
male	17	Spiess 's father , Johann Balthasar Spiess ( 1782–1841 ) and himself the son of a Thuringian farmer and master smith , had first prepared himself for a position as teacher in the elementary schools , but after some years of professional experience at Frankfurt am Main decided upon further study , and so completed a course in theology at the University of Giessen , and immediately after passing his examination , in 1807 , became teacher and sub - rector at the Latin school in Lauterbach .	farmer
male	4	Pfitzner , a “ designer of high - class gasoline motors , transmissions , and gears ” was employed by Glen Curtiss at his Hammondsport factory .	designer
male	2	The chief mechanic at the power station died of his wounds in hospital .	mechanic
male	7	Zhang Fei and Guan Yu also stood guard beside Liu Bei when he sat down at meetings .	guard
male	6	With chairman Gordon Parker sacking former manager and his own son - in - law Roy McDonough just days after the conclusion of the 1993–94 season , former Ayr United player - manager George Burley was appointed his replacement in July .	manager
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	20	According to Devereux , the observer must think about his relation to the observed in the same manner as an analyst would do in his relation to his analysand .	analyst
male	1	The farmer learned why when he tasted the bitter water .	farmer
male	28	""" Jenkin acted as consulting engineer to the association without pay , rather , as he explained it , like a hospital for the poor where a leading physician would give his services free . ..."	physician
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	8	His father Sydney Saunders worked as a taxi driver and his mother Edith was a secretary in a school .	driver
male	2	Although the lawyer does not fear his imminent death , the convict , named Raja Daaku says he will kill off the lawyer 's whole family .	lawyer
male	29	He was a 12-year - old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton ( the same team which produced Tommy Burns ) when Alex Ferguson , the manager of Aberdeen , was alerted to his talents through Miller 's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson .	manager
male	25	"The term "" desk murderer "" has also been used in non - Holocaust contexts , such as during the Auschwitz trial when the defence lawyer Hans Laternser demanded the arrest of witness , an Auschwitz survivor and East German politician , for his alleged role in approving the killings of refugees attempting to escape East Germany on the Berlin Wall ."	lawyer
male	3	The Impala 's driver , an unidentified African - American man dressed in a blue suit and bow tie , rolled down his window , drew a 9   mm blue - steel pistol , and fired at Wallace 's car .	driver
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	1	The chief of a given area could call on his citizens to work as forced labour without pay , although under normal circumstances food was still provided .	chief
male	6	"Williams once said : "" A lawyer lives for the direction of his people and the advancement of the cause of his country "" ."	lawyer
male	9	At the German Grand Prix at the Nürburgring , driver Edgar Barth placed sixth overall and second in his class .	driver
male	19	This description of palliative care in General Practice allows the reader to understand how easy it is for the physician to lose his way .	physician
male	7	It was also revealed that the former chief JMO Ananda Samarasekara had dispatched body parts of Wasim Thajudeen from the refrigerator a few days prior to his retirement and they are being investigated under the Public Property Act as the body parts had been taken into the former JMO 's custody as case productions and , therefore belongs to the state .	chief
male	9	Osewold the Reeve , who had originally been a carpenter himself , shouts out his immediate objection to such ridicule , and protests that the tale will insult carpenters and wives , but the Miller insists on proceeding with his tale .	carpenter
male	1	"The guard deliberately drew up his gun and shot him dead . """	guard
male	4	"As "" Fagaiwei "" chief , Yao and his office was in charge of approving large investment and construction projects across the province ."	chief
male	27	At Arsenal , Wenger has enjoyed a great deal of support and backing from the club board of directors , who have demonstrated exceptional faith in the manager and his long - term vision .	manager
male	22	During the past decade there have been about 100 such incidents each year , of which around 90 would involve the train driver witnessing his train strike the person on the track .	driver
male	6	Zed A. Shaw is a software developer most commonly known for creating the Mongrel web server for Ruby web applications , as well as his articles on technology , business , and technical communities .	developer
male	2	A young lawyer named Yazhini ( Yami Gautam ) assists him in his work .	lawyer
male	2	While the driver was aware of his condition , he was ejected from the bus taking him home to St. Louis as other passengers objected to his usage of the word .	driver
male	3	A real estate developer goes to his 25th high school reunion without his wife , and finds his old teenage band playing .	developer
male	10	First driver successfully completed the AutoX run and the second driver did not complete his 2nd run after the engine started over - heating due to an electrical failure on the radiator fan .  	driver
male	1	A farmer , by profession , Quilty was a lifelong resident of Admaston Township , in Renfrew County , and he had a distinguished career in municipal politics in that area .	farmer
male	2	"The Scottish lawyer and novelist Sir Walter Scott , wrote his romantic narrative - poem "" The Bridal of Triermain "" in 1812 ."	lawyer
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	4	During his spell as manager Rosenborg also won the Norwegian football cup a number of times .	manager
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	4	In general , the chief will support a father during his lifetime in the matter of land apportionment , provided an adequate grant of land has been made to the eldest son and a minimal grant to any other sons .	chief
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	7	Later it was rumored that the opposing manager had instructed his third baseman to play extra deep to allow Lajoie to win the batting race over the generally disliked Cobb .	manager
male	6	According to another story , a farmer in Bavaria took a consecrated Host from Mass to his house , believing that it would give him and his family good fortune .	farmer
male	30	The minister of defense dismissed 31 senior officers and officials in August 2008 and another 13 in September 2008 following investigations into corrupt practices , and in September the army chief of staff resigned following his indictment over the illegal diversion of public funds in 2002 in another command .	chief
male	7	[ Farmer 's lung cases of a farmer and his son with high BAL fluid beta-D glucan levels ] .	farmer
male	8	On 4 April 2010 , he was appointed manager of Winchester City of the Sydenhams Wessex Premier League although he remained in charge for only a few months , parting company with Winchester by mutual consent in September 2010 .	manager
male	3	The team 's manager was former team member Erik Breukink , in his seventh season in the role .	manager
male	1	Former manager Tony Pulis made his first return to the Britannia Stadium with West Bromwich Albion following his sacking in May 2013 .	manager
male	1	The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this .	manager
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	15	Andreas Aurifaber ( born Goldschmidt , 1514 – 12 December 1559 ) was a German physician of some repute , but through his influence with Albert of Brandenburg , last grand - master of the Teutonic Knights , and first Protestant duke of Prussia , became an outstanding figure in the controversy associated with Andreas Osiander whose daughter he had married .	physician
male	1	"And lawyer Charles Cooper wrote in his blog , "" NonTradLaw "" : """	lawyer
male	18	He ultimately attempts to reclaim his father ' s chiefly status , even if the current ageing village chief does not believe he has the physique or the oratory skill required .	chief
male	3	As politico Defence analyst Senator Lt General Qayyum is known for his balanced and objective inputs in both cold and print media on important national and inter national issues .	analyst
male	19	After only 2 months , because Victor Pițurcă coach resigned on round 3 of new season and the new manager no longer need his services , he was sent to the second team .	manager
male	8	"From 1907 to 1920 , Jennings was the manager of the Detroit Tigers , where he was known for his colorful antics , hoots , whistles , and his famous shouts of "" Ee - Yah ! "" from the third base coaching box ."	manager
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	He was sitting on the lap of the driver and his abdomen was pressed closely between the pregnant driver and the steering wheel .	driver
male	40	"In these books , Beam "" adopted a feminist perspective by focusing on the changing historical context that affected women 's lives between 1895 and 1930 , as well as by analyzing the dominant - submissive relationship between the male physician ( Dickinson ) and his female patients "" ."	physician
male	26	The designers were able to create a room for Italy , Mexico or Thailand , with one paint can being empty , which let that one designer choose whatever country he wanted .	designer
male	13	In the former case , device drivers may be required which the system designer may or may not be able to rely on if he has no control over the client device -LRB- as in the case of authentication to a public website -RRB- .	designer
male	1	The chief agreed to Leslie ' s request that he release him to Leslie ' s custody .	chief
male	2	The UN chief , Ban Ki-moon , says he has received `` grisly reports '' that Syrian government forces are arbitrarily executing , imprisoning and torturing people in Homs after opposition fighters in the city retreated .	chief
male	18	"During the chiefship of Colonel Roderick ( c.1755–1822 ) Barra suffered its first mass clearances , ironically the chief described himself as a "" melieuratier "" ( an "" improver "" ) ."	chief
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season .	manager
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	3	Toronto - based lawyer and fan David Humphrey had talked his way past stadium security and had been allowed to watch the game from the sidelines .	lawyer
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	16	A local tale says that about 1938–41 , when both boulders were in place , a farmer named James Reynolds often drove his horse and cart along this pathway .	farmer
male	1	His manager had gotten him meetings in LA and he stayed there for three months working at BMG .	manager
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	22	"1520–1601 ) was a Franc - comtois sculptor , trained as a "" menuisier "" or wood - worker ; as a designer of Mannerist ornaments , his published designs , such as "" Oevvre de la diversite des termes , do nt on use en architecture , reduicts en ordres "" , Lyon , 1572 , inspired luxury furnishings , such as dressoires , armoires and cabinets ."	designer
male	22	In March 2018 , an Apple engineer had been killed in a crash in a Tesla Model X. Investigators say that the driver of the vehicle had his car in ‘ self - driving ’ mode and was using his phone to play games when the vehicle collided with the barrier in the middle of the freeway .	driver
male	25	Controversially , on that occasion , it took several hours after the race to figure out the winner and final results since the safety car driver had placed his car in front of the wrong competitor thus causing part of the field to be one lap down incorrectly .  	driver
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	18	The early season form of new signing Marco Negri gave the team fresh imputous but when the then manager Walter Smith announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season the side ' s form dipped .	manager
male	6	At 7.23 a.m. the French advance guard commander requested additional orders from his superiors - he was told to recommence the advance but protested that it was impossible to do so .	guard
male	1	The lawyer wakes up and is arrested by a single police officer , but he causes the police car to crash and races to save the girl .	lawyer
male	1	The manager of the Théâtre Lyrique , Léon Carvalho cast his wife Marie Miolan - Carvalho as Marguerite and there were various changes during production , including the removal and contraction of several numbers .	manager
male	4	"A gradual but ceaseless developer as a composer , in his last couple of decades Farwell produced his most individual works - including a series of polytonal studies for piano , several concise instrumental sonatas , numerous effective and penetrating settings of the poetry of Emily Dickinson , and a satirical opera , "" Cartoon "" , which contains extended parodies of Stravinsky and Schoenberg ."	developer
male	1	Another manager and his family occupied the house from 1931 until he retired due to ill health in 1944 - 45 .	manager
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	9	But observing the presence of rain clouds , the farmer will plant his seeds and when it rains all the plants will blossom .	farmer
male	5	The general - in - chief was sitting behind a bank , anxious , his head in his hands , surrounded by his staff , perhaps wondering whether he would have to retreat .	chief
male	12	Jacques Cartier only referred to the leader of Hochelaga as the ' chief ' , and not by his name , which was never recorded .	chief
male	2	A skilled guard would observe or listen to his train and apply or release his brake to keep the last few couplings reasonably taut and act as a shock - absorber .	guard
male	20	Yorath resigned in October 2002 after Wednesday made a terrible start to the 2002–03 season , and in came Hartlepool manager Chris Turner – a former Owls goalkeeper – as his successor .	manager
male	6	Holzer was called the `` rebel farmer '' because he persisted , despite being fined and even threatened with prison , He has created some of the world ' s best examples of using ponds as reflectors to increase solar gain for Passive solar heating of structures , and of using the microclimate created by rock outcrops to effectively change the hardiness zone for nearby plants .	farmer
male	1	A lawyer who won his case in the forum would decorate his front door with palm leaves .	lawyer
male	12	Sears later told Warnock that he was happy to play where his manager wanted following his positive start to his Crystal Palace career .	manager
male	15	With his contract due to run out at the end of the season , Lincoln manager Danny Cowley offered Farman a two - year contract extension , which he signed on 11 May 2017 .	manager
male	2	One such chief , Pakau , interred his son , who was killed in battle , in one of the burial caves .	chief
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The , guard emerged as a national star for the Mountaineers during his tenure at WVU .	guard
male	14	By taking the time to understand what makes each employee tick , a great manager shows that he sees his people for who they are .	manager
male	5	He was not an actual Chief himself at the time , though he would become one later , and had never met Greyeyes before .	chief
male	9	From the leftovers of the furniture production the young designer started to create leather bags and accessoires since he did not want to waste any material and started to sell them along with his furniture collection at trade fairs .	designer
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	16	With a poor start to 2013–14 season and the club sitting bottom of the table , manager Jimmy Boyle was relieved of his position in October 2013 and replaced by Gary Bollan .	manager
male	6	Paramesam ( NTR ) , the manager , through his cunning ways , helps Lokanatham make big money at the expense of the workers .	manager
male	11	Name recognition played a role in both parties ' primaries : Farmer enjoyed high name recognition from his days as a basketball player , while the Democratic nominee , David Lynn Williams , had a name similar to that of Kentucky Senate President David L. Williams .	farmer
male	8	The case was dismissed when Fabian ' s lawyer lied that he had acted as he had because of a mental condition , and Fabian spent time in a mental hospital .	lawyer
male	10	His father , Charles A. Stainback Sr , was a lawyer and his brother , Charles A. Stainback , was a Democratic state senator .	lawyer
male	5	René Angélil , Dion 's manager ( later husband ) mortgaged his home to start his own record company just to produce her first records .	manager
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	8	On 2 April 2018 , West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew , was dismissed from his post after a run of poor results , leaving them bottom of the Premier League and ten points from safety .	manager
male	0	"Farmer defended his leadership of the board by saying , "" Our decisions evolve from long hours of study on the part of each board member and his staff and are distilled from the crucible of full and free discussion among all board members . """	farmer
male	1	New manager Mike Newell soon reverted Robinson to his favoured central - midfield role , and he was rewarded with a League One championship in 2005 , and a tenth - place finish in the Championship in 2006 .	manager
male	0	Farmer also had to withdraw and he became separated from Wake and Rake .	farmer
male	9	D'Or is married to Pazit , formerly a jewelry designer and now his manager .	designer
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	2	The general manager and his deputy were British or French , reflecting the majority share held by the two nations .	manager
male	3	During this season manager Arthur Chadwick soon settled on his favoured line - up with eleven players featuring in at least 35 of the 42 league games ; Keeping lined up in defence with Ted Hough behind the three centre - backs –	manager
male	16	After not being involved in any matches during his first month at the club , Huddersfield manager Lee Clark recalled Chippendale from his loan on 19 April 2011 .	manager
male	1	Sophomore guard Gene Smith had proven himself to be a top defensive asset for the Hoyas the previous season , but he was injured during most of this year .	guard
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	2	"The "" manager "" introduces himself as major of the Police Igor Grom , and he asks the security guard to not get in the way and wait in a safe place ."	manager
male	1	Trinidadian designer Peter Minshall is renowned not only for his Carnival costumes but also for his role in opening ceremonies of the Barcelona Olympics , the 1994 FIFA World Cup , the 1996 Summer Olympics , and the 2002 Winter Olympics , for which he won an Emmy Award .	designer
male	0	Farmer tore his ACL and MCL in a preseason practice , causing him to miss the entire season .	farmer
male	7	Properly applied and utilized they allow the physician to sharpen his clinical acumen , thus allowing for both a reliable diagnosis and a semi-quantitative estimation of ventricular size , enddiastolic and atrial , as well as pulmonary pressures and valve function .	physician
male	9	On his return to Sheffield , Porter 's former manager David Weir had been replaced with Nigel Clough , who he had previously played under at Derby County .	manager
male	4	Evans became the ninth manager Moran had worked under at the club in one capacity or another in his near half century of dedicated service , the full list being :	manager
male	3	"A 6'3 "" guard , Willoughby began his college basketball career at the University of New Orleans , then transferred to Iowa State University ."	guard
male	26	An average of 45,000 mandays were lost due to guineaworm infection at a value of N54.27 k per individual for incapacitation for a day and a farmer infected with guineaworm loses 19 bags of his potential harvest within the infection duration , which translates to N4,884.00 .	farmer
male	2	The ED physician discusses with Mr. L. his diagnosis of TB and the course of treatment that will be required .	physician
male	15	In the last 30 years many factors have contributed to change the relationship between the physician and his patient , acknowledging the growing importance of the patient 's active participation in the decision processes which regard his health .	physician
male	23	The absence of a token does remove the one visible reassurance that the driver has and head on collisions have occurred where the driver of an unauthorised train has proceeded under the mistaken idea that he has authority to occupy the line .	driver
male	14	Hareide comes from a middle - class background , his father being a transportation manager and his mother a consultant .	manager
male	10	In April 1986 , Graeme Souness was appointed player - manager of Rangers and Smith accepted his offer to become assistant .	manager
male	8	The movie is about when the new police chief , who thinks he ' s the most handsome person ever , Lou Strickland , wants to take over New York City by replacing every policemen with robots , so Top Cat and his gang must stop him .	chief
male	1	"A lawyer on direct examination asks his witness , a layperson with no legal training , "" So John Doe was driving negligently ?"	lawyer
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	5	The strains isolated from the farmer and his eels were ST 112 , a known potential zoonotic strain .	farmer
male	10	Due to Herbert 's International Formula 3000 commitments the German driver Michael Bartels raced in his absence but failed to qualify .	driver
male	13	After the Cry of Pugadlawin on August 23 , 1896 , a civil guard stationed in Binangonan named Agustin Natividad escaped from his post and passed the mountain trails to reach Morong .	guard
male	10	Ash got dragged off after just ten minutes by the manager who told him he was rubbish .	manager
male	0	Manager Chris Powell praised Jackson 's role to his leadership to help the club promoted to the Championship .	manager
male	23	The first time , Curtis said , he warned King that even if his alleged actions had been misinterpreted , the former police chief should n't put himself in positions where his actions could be misinterpreted .	chief
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	2	Motopark Oschersleben driver Scott Speed won four races on his way to championship title .	driver
male	1	The guard and his family were then crushed to death .	guard
male	1	"Exeter manager Paul Tisdale commented on his debut saying ; "" It 's remarkable that James should be on the field after only joining us a few weeks ago ."	manager
male	42	Work was also cleared to proceed for the breakwaters at Peel and Ramsey with the contract also carried out by Thomas Jackson and with James Abernethy providing the services of a resident engineer and assuming the role of engineer - in - chief himself .	chief
male	3	Nadarkhani ' s lawyer said that he believed that Nadarkhani would not be executed .	lawyer
male	12	Striker Kenny Dalglish was then made the club 's first player - manager and in his first season in charge , Dalglish led the club to a League and FA Cup double .	manager
male	16	"During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC Köln , however the manager ( Zvonimir Soldo ) stated that Khalatbari was "" "" lacking physical strength "" "" and that "" "" he might be a problem in Germany "" "" ."	manager
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	Powers later recalled that the manager of the Eau Claire club , Abe Devine , ran a saloon and refused to use Lowe because he refused to patronize his saloon .	manager
male	2	"The family physician must develop a "" preventive attitude "" in himself , his office support staff , and the cadre of the consultants frequently used ."	physician
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	6	"On his departure former Cambridge United manager Martin Ling said of Willmott "" I feel it 's a good move for Robbie , on a football front I 'm disappointed to lose a player of his quality , He will be hard to replace from within but that 's where it 's got to be ."	manager
male	0	Farmer has retained his skills as a driver in spite of his age .	farmer
male	2	Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £ 1,000,000 for his services in 1994 .	manager
male	1	The carpenter reported that he had heard machinery operating towards the stern of the ship , but it was not clear whether this might have been the site diesel generator which ran at all times .	carpenter
male	16	Alice and Ginevra show a perfect mastery of the runway in their respective performances and the designer points them as his own favorites .	designer
male	7	He left in March 2017 when new manager Gary Rowett placed Kevin Poole in his position .	manager
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	The driver and his accomplice were both on bail at the time , after being arrested in connection with a hit - and - run incident in which two men had been injured weeks before Cooper 's death .	driver
male	12	The patient must be allowed to cooperate in his self-realization ; the physician himself becomes the medicine .	physician
male	2	Wolsey 's lawyer , Thomas Cromwell , reminisces over his time with the Cardinal , his dealings with the Boleyn family and his own personal life , including the death of his wife and two daughters from the sweating sickness in 1528 .	lawyer
male	5	At his death , the chief was 97 .	chief
male	14	On the second day of the trial , Judge Wilkerson overruled objections that a lawyer could not confess for his client , saying that anyone making a statement to the government did so at his own risk .	lawyer
male	4	Wrexham 's player - manager Morrell then replaced himself with Adrian Cieslewicz .	manager
male	1	The lawyer gives his blessing and leaves , and Alton derides Tom for his modest project and how long his next one will take .	lawyer
male	10	This unusual arrangement led to a situation where a learner driver , having failed his driving test on a 2nd Provisional , could legally drive away from the test center unaccompanied .	driver
male	32	"In contrast , many participants described positive experiences with individualized care , including one patient 's caregiver who appreciated their physician 's awareness of special dietary needs : "" And [ the physician ] is very understanding of my father and how he thinks . And thinking so much about my father and then specifically understanding of his needs , like the [ diet ] element , things like that ."	physician
male	19	This initiative earned Louis Charles Delescluze , publisher of a trial in which Léon Gambetta , then a young lawyer , distinguished himself .	lawyer
male	11	To determine BAC accurately , it is generally necessary for the driver to subject himself to tests that are self incriminating , and drivers sometimes exercise their right against self incrimination to refuse these tests .	driver
male	7	"After the trade , White Sox general manager Frank Lane proclaimed with his acquisition of Fain , the White Sox had the "" finest defensive infield in baseball "" ."	manager
male	1	The driver from Curitiba scored his best result at Autódromo Internacional Orlando Moura .	driver
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	The chief took Jonah as his own son , but his adopted brother , Noh - Tante , grew jealous .	chief
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	3	In 1967 the manager of the ACBB club in Boulogne - Billancourt Mickey Weigant , drove to his house to enrol him .	manager
male	10	His father , Prem Kohli , worked as a criminal lawyer and his mother , Saroj Kohli , is a housewife .	lawyer
male	14	""" Late Show "" producer Barbara Gaines were both production assistants , while stage manager Biff Henderson and director Hal Gurnee would follow Dave to his next two shows ."	manager
male	4	Authorities said a male driver , who had recently moved from Nigeria , was late to his job as a nursing assistant and told another motorist he was going to try to cross the bridge .	driver
male	12	This was changed to a unique code of Red Triangle when a driver forgot he had a mechanical transmission unit on the rear of his train , which meant this unit was driven only in fourth gear , which burnt out the transmissions on that unit .	driver
male	2	McCoy 's manager , Charlie Goldman , wisely advised his boxer to charge for a knockout against Chip from the first bell .	manager
male	1	The farmer sells his vegetables as his final product , after they have been though the whole process of growth .	farmer
male	12	Cunningham was born at Inverell , New South Wales , to a farmer , Eugene Cunningham , and his wife Mary , née Edgeworth , both born in Ireland .	farmer
male	4	The identity of the driver and his motivations for committing a murder - suicide are left unknown .	driver
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	13	"A good question to ask is , "" Why ? "" A game developer with 20 years of experience offers his perspective on what may be limiting health games ' appeal and what can be done about it ."	developer
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	11	When a detection dog signaled explosives on the vehicle , the driver forced his vehicle through a security checkpoint and struck security guards .	driver
male	7	The notable incidents happened when Virgin Racing driver Sam Bird slide himself into the wall at turn 2 , and Frijns clipped the inside wall at the penultimate corner .	driver
male	1	One manager reported that he would become suspicious if a new customer called and accepted a price higher than the market norm .	manager
male	4	Lamoriello appointed himself general manager shortly before the 1987–88 season .	manager
male	1	His lawyer , Ed Barrett and his fiancee develop a bizarre scheme to free his client from the hangman 's noose ; Barrett steals from a safe in the local bank a petition with 11,000 signatures of persons who at the instigation of the same district attorney want Columbia to be the capital , rewrites the first page to call for a pardon for Hardwicke and appeals to the governor , who is impressed that so many signed .	lawyer
male	0	Manager Michael Laudrup praised Tiendalli for his performance in response to uncertainty over his future .	manager
male	16	With the arrival of the furious MacGregor clansman who pursued the young Lamont , the MacGregor chief was true to his word and protected Lamont from his clansmen 's vengeance .	chief
male	7	Previously , the subjective experience of the physician acquired from earlier cases determined his efficiency to a large extent .	physician
male	6	Boxu Potts dispelled rumours that the driver abandoned his job , and claimed it was Salandy 's decision to drive herself , and her cousin stressed that no one was to blame for the accident .	driver
male	3	A freestyle racing driver must choose between his love for racing , and his wife .	driver
male	7	Fifty years ago , erstwhile eminent Jewish physician Dr Otto Walter abandoned life in Australia to return to Austria , leaving his crestfallen young grandson , Garry , to wonder why he had gone .	physician
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	5	the franchise 's first general manager – also served as executive vice president , president , vice chairman and chairman in his 47 years with the Chiefs .	manager
male	14	In 2005 he co-founded The Legal Broadcast Network with Attorney Jan Schlichtmann , the lawyer featured in the book and movie , A Civil Action .	lawyer
male	5	Before his appointment as works manager Clegg had spent 12 months in USA at Darracq 's expense studying automobile production .	manager
male	11	More specifically , it has been determined if and when a physician should inform his former patients about newly discovered side effects relating to previously executed treatments .	physician
male	27	The opening of the compartment triggers a silent alarm , and a man ( Ray Wise ) enters , introducing himself as Riley , her father 's lawyer .	lawyer
male	10	His father , Melsha Lorenzo Ferguson , was a Jamaican farmer for the United Fruit Company , and his mother , Sarah Byfield Dykin , a Costa Rican seamstress and baker of Jamaican descent .	farmer
male	11	With his team confirmed in the play - off positions , manager David Wagner made ten changes to his starting eleven .	manager
male	1	"Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger said of his opponents after the game : "" It is very difficult to draw any conclusions after a game like that ."	manager
male	1	However manager Roy Hodgson did not name him in his 25-man Premier League squad , and three days later he joined Scottish Premiership side Dundee on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season .	manager
male	6	In addition , the former Monaco manager was handicapped by his poor communication skills and his apparent lack of enthusiasm during media events .	manager
male	1	"Former driver Allan McNish wrote in his "" BBC F1 "" column the result was like "" a Grand Prix victory "" for Marussia and that it was "" a deserved reward for their dogged determination and never - say - die attitude . """	driver
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	2	The Belgian driver made his debut for the Australian MARC Cars formation with teammates Kris Van Kelst , Ryan McLeod , Hadrian Morall and Mich Benton .	driver
male	5	In his defense , his lawyer said that he suffered a bout of hypoglycemia , or low blood sugar , and was `` confused '' and `` mixed up .	lawyer
male	4	C squad performed the guard of honour for departing tallisman Dado Prso as he was a great influence on and off the field for the squad .	guard
male	27	No move eventuated , and Mauk remained at the club in May 2017 , but still yet to add to his early - season appearance , when manager Peter Hyballa was sacked .	manager
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	18	"This is suspected of being related to a suggested "" "" Scorched Earth "" project "" that the developer has mentioned in his blog in March 2006 ."	developer
male	32	The 1 - 2 finish was the same as the previous race in 2009 but the finish was controversial because of the yellow line rules ( as NASCAR rules state that a driver must not advance his position by going below the yellow line even if he is forced down there ) .	driver
male	3	His lady friend lawyer tracks down his dodgy friend at his London club finding the real culprits are his lady dancers , who attempt to fly to France in escape .	lawyer
male	20	Following the successful start to the 1982–83 season with Newcastle United , there was much controversy when newly appointed England manager Bobby Robson did not select Keegan for his first squad , a decision Keegan learned of from the media rather than Robson himself .	manager
male	1	The chief was so desolate that he buried the child inside his own hut .	chief
male	3	Sthenelus was the driver of Diomedes ’ chariot and probably his closest friend .	driver
male	5	At the inquiry afterwards a farmer testified that he saw the Spitfire pilot struggling to push back the canopy .	farmer
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	10	His father , Bonifacio Cornazzano was a well - known lawyer and his mother , Costanza Bagarotti , belonged to the small nobility from Piacentine territory .	lawyer
male	11	After a brief scuffle with the spear - man , the chief claims Sandra for himself and drags her into his private lair , followed by his protesting mate .	chief
male	10	Soon after his dismissal , former Everton and Manchester United manager David Moyes was announced as the replacement .	manager
male	7	On 20 May , Banon ' s lawyer , David Koubbi , said that neither he nor Banon wanted to be used -LRB- instrumentalis e -RRB- by the American judicial system in the New York v .	lawyer
male	28	A spiritual turn to the roots in prophecy leads theologians to a more realistic self-assessment as defenders of the suffering creature and to new partnership with a novel physician who perceives scientific omnipotence and therefore limits himself to serve the ill .	physician
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	9	But Amritlal rejects the proposal saying Prasanta is a driver and moreover his own driver .	driver
male	13	One of the important characteristics of the Kipat system was that neither the chief nor his people were allowed to sell their land to any outsiders or any non - clan members .	chief
male	14	Akhtari Bai Faizabadi was born on 7 October 1914 to Asghar Hussain , a lawyer and his second wife Mushtari .	lawyer
male	2	After the guard handed the letters over to his superiors , Calmanovici was chained and moved back to Aiud .	guard
male	4	Meantime , the police chief ( Frank Sheridan ) gathers his men to raid Brookfield 's house .	chief
male	17	In 1583 , he lured the Jurchen into battle , defeated the marauders , and captured their chief , Mu Pai Nai .	chief
male	13	In 2004 there was an accident on the funicular , in which a driver lost his life .	driver
male	2	Though a carpenter will typically fashion handles and woodblocks and set and sharpen his blades himself , the blades themselves are forged by steel smiths and provided unmounted to the carpenter .	carpenter
male	19	Effortful introspection allows some mastery , at least for the moment , of conflict which might otherwise prevent the analyst from thinking about and understanding what his inner experience may be telling him about his patient 's mental life .	analyst
male	19	The guard of number 62 released the handbrakes on the rear portion , leaving it unbraked , and the driver went forward to his engine .	driver
male	13	Garfield Minus Garfield is a webcomic created by Dan Walsh , a technology manager from Dublin , Ireland , Though Walsh admits that he was not the first to come up with this idea , he was the first to `` champion and popularize '' it .	manager
male	4	After the match , manager Mark Hughes praised Kuqi for his two - goal performance .	manager
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	1	"The cook and his wife left a warm cloak for the ghost , and the next night they heard , "" """	cook
male	16	However , for the safe implementation of this method , close and intensive cooperation between the physician and his patient is a condition that has to be guaranteed .	physician
male	9	In this game , against the New Zealanders , Driver scored 8 and 18 , and once more he returned to the seconds .	driver
male	12	"The August – September issue of "" Phonoscope "" noted that the manager of the opera house turned over his $ 253 profits to a state senator who , after time to deliberate , eventually refunded the patrons ' money ."	manager
male	21	At Loch Duvat in Eriskay , while out looking for a horse that escaped his farm in the mist , a farmer saw what he thought was his missing beast in the loch .	farmer
male	26	"Hermosa 's crimes totaled 22 murders , occurring in only four months , claiming the lives of 8 taxi drivers , 11 homosexuals , a truck driver and his acquaintance , as well as two others , earning him the nickname "" Niño del Terror "" ."	driver
male	10	He was also retained as captain by Hull 's next manager , Phil Parkinson , and his replacement , Phil Brown .	manager
male	8	In the 1870s , a Kingston chemist and physician , Edgar Eltinge , claimed that he had found gold at Hussey Hill .	physician
male	4	In January 1990 England manager Bobby Robson named him in his 30-man provisional squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	manager
male	12	"In December 1993 , the "" Tribune""s longtime Washington , D.C. bureau chief , Nicholas Horrock , was removed from his post after he chose not to attend a meeting that editor Howard Tyner requested of him in Chicago ."	chief
male	18	The web of transactions involving the company and its subsidiaries was large and complex , and one stock analyst later said in 1977 that he had `` never come across a company that has so much strange paper on its books .	analyst
male	11	"Due to his "" verbally violent "" behavior , the coast guard was dispatched to bring him to observation at the local hospital ."	guard
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	1	Young lawyer David defends the family against his uncle , and the lovers are reunited while the family moves to the suburbs .	lawyer
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	13	[ [ Richard Hauptmann ] ] , a 34-year - old German immigrant carpenter , was arrested near his home in [ [ the Bronx ] ] , New York , on , 1934 , after paying for gasoline with one of the ransom bills .	carpenter
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	0	"Designer Gutzon Borglum constantly praised Luigi for his great abilities as a classically trained stone carver : "" He is worth any three men in America for this particular type of work . """	designer
male	18	He then drove to the prison 's gate where he knew , out of experience , that the guard would not search his vehicle .	guard
male	19	"Andrew Weil , as individual and brand , is described by "" Encyclopædia Britannica "" as an "" American physician and popularizer of alternative and integrative medicine , "" and by his 2015 publishers , Little , Brown / Hachette , as "" the founder and director of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine "" and "" author of several bestselling books ."	physician
male	14	"A Ministry of Transport report on the incident stated that the express train 's driver "" can not be excused entirely from responsibility "" given his passing of the red signal ."	driver
male	2	The Shawnee chief Tecumseh reviled Procter for his failure to prevent the killings .	chief
male	39	As with the previous compacts , the DLA allows other jurisdictions to access motor vehicle records , in accordance with the Drivers ' Privacy Protection Act ( DPPA ) , and to transfer the driver 's history if the driver transfers his license .  	driver
male	2	A 30-year-old carpenter suffered accidental piercing of his jaw by a 3-inch nail from a nail gun .	carpenter
male	5	Manchester United 's successful assistant manager Brian Kidd was brought in as his successor .	manager
male	10	When the hydro bus disintegrated on landing , the chief designer and his assistant were strapped into the G-45 for a test drop ; they survived , but the project was cancelled .	designer
male	24	Collins recruited other National League stars for the Americans ' roster , including Cy Young , and in his first season as player - manager guided the team to a second - place finish , four games behind the Chicago White Sox .	manager
male	19	"He and his uncle both guest starred on "" Malcolm in the Middle "" , Lloyd as a housing lawyer and his uncle as Hal 's father ."	lawyer
male	1	"Derby manager Nigel Clough was annoyed by his comments , saying that : "" We do n't really think it is his place to be commenting on things like that ..."	manager
male	7	Zach wants to be the `` ass-busting lawyer '' , which means he would be the first black lawyer in the area .	lawyer
male	11	"In 1993 , US "" Vogue "" editor - in - chief Anna Wintour walked out of his Milan Fashion Week runway show , when he employed strippers and adult - film star Moana Pozzi to model his black - and - white collection for Fendi ."	chief
male	11	"Our progress is evidenced this evening by the presence of our chief of police and his command staff . """	chief
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	5	The station ' s general manager announced that he would be taking an early retirement , thus the reason for his resignation .	manager
male	11	The company was established in 1907 by a Norwegian immigrant and carpenter Carl E. Overaa , who committed himself to rebuilding the Bay Area after the San Francisco earthquake of 1906 .	carpenter
male	2	Real estate developer Ben Shaoul interned with his company .	developer
male	8	The story concerns Gwan Pil , a poor farmer who is deprived of his land by an evil landlord and put in a Japanese prison .	farmer
male	1	"Fashion designer Paul Poiret commented in his autobiography "" King of Fashion "" , "" I shall always see Mounet - Sully in "" Oedipus Rex "" , blind , coming down the steps of the temple , and saying in a suave voice : ' Children of ancient Cadmus , young successors . . . '"	designer
male	12	The courtroom became known for outbursts and other drama ; Tillinghast 's lawyer Paul J. DiMaio stopped inviting him to the courtroom due to his comments , including antagonizing and threatening the prosecutor .	lawyer
male	20	Staples was born at Martinsville , Virginia in 1885 to Abram Penn Staples ( 1858–1913 ) , a prominent Virginia lawyer and his wife .	lawyer
male	4	The hospital ' s lawyer said he would be able to do so the next day .	lawyer
male	21	Richmond was born in Boston , Massachusetts to Frances ( née Rosen ) and George Richmond ; his father was a lawyer and his mother a homemaker .	lawyer
male	9	"It is prophesied that the antichrist will be a lawyer who will present himself to the whole humanity like a pacifist , ecologist and ecumenist , "" will convoke an ecumenical council and will seek the consensus of all the Christian confessions , granting something to each one . """	lawyer
male	25	"In 2014 , she joined the cast of the CBS TV series "" Hawaii Five-0 "" in the recurring role of Ellie Clayton , a lawyer , who is connected to Lieutenant Commander Steve McGarrett Alex O'Loughlin through his father ."	lawyer
male	3	Henrietta Brown 's lawyer , Joseph Doutre , also a member of the Institute , ultimately won his case before the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council , at that time the court of last resort for the British Empire , on November 21 , 1874 .	lawyer
male	2	The pagan chief of the Slavic Obodrite tribes , Niklot , began his open resistance when Lothar III , Holy Roman Emperor , invaded Slavic lands .	chief
male	1	The driver fired several shots at police from his 7.65   mm firearm , close to the Hotel Negresco , as police arrived ; they returned fire with their 9 mm Sig Sauer handguns , gave chase to the vehicle and attempted to disable it .	driver
male	17	He appeared on the cover of MIDWEEK and at 23 was called `` AMERICA ' S HOTTEST DESIGNER '' that fall he was the winner of the VH1 Reality Show called `` Glam GOD '' hosted by Vivica A .	designer
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	11	The decision was announced by Hamdan Al Maktoum ' s racing manager Angus Gold who explained that although the owner would have liked to have kept the colt in training , he had `` decided he was a very important cog in his breeding operation .	manager
male	2	Soon the guard in front of the bank had three men firing at him and he called out for assistance to his companions inside .	guard
male	1	The Manager said at the time the War had increased the average age of listeners to 35 to 40 , and he had n't met anyone over the age of 35 that liked the Andrews Sisters .	manager
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	6	"Following his retirement in 1978 , Driver was active in the pensioners ' movement and sided with the "" Morning Star "" during the CPGB split of the 1980s ."	driver
male	16	Eventually he became a man who challenged chiefs , and ultimately , he acted like a chief himself ...	chief
male	20	Lynn is innocent and a victim of excessive zeal on the part of the District Attorney 's Office , his lawyer , Jeff Lindy , said after his arrest .	lawyer
male	5	"Since his demise , five Chief "" sayadaw""s have succeeded him as the Nāyaka Sayadaws according to his will ."	chief
male	12	This arrangement has been supplanted by a new system in which the physician derives his authority from and is responsible and accountable to both the patient and the managed care company .	physician
male	8	Popularity as a teacher and success as a physician broadened his interests to national affairs , and he advocated increased funding for university education and re-afforestation .	physician
male	19	A major study of continuing medical education practices , needs and problems in Ontario showed that the primary care physician is very active in maintaining his clinical skills and knowledge .	physician
male	16	Book was a loyal member of the club , even prior and after his spell as manager still remained in a variety of different roles and most importantly Book had the respect of his players and his appointment was a popular choice .	manager
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	Gascoigne later claimed that the owner had interfered incessantly and harboured ambitions of being a manager himself , despite knowing little about football .	manager
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	2	As the guard returns to his desk the song has just ended , in the background the band can be seen leaving with several pieces of stolen artwork from the museum along with taking the monitor he just tossed , revealing that the video was used to distract the guard .	guard
male	2	Now a lawyer , he has been estranged from his father , Lloyd , and brother , Tippy , ever since being sent to reform school as a youth for stealing a car , taking the blame for his brother 's crime .	lawyer
male	6	"Chalmers and others stressed that the physician must believe that he has "" no knowledge at all that one treatment will be better or worse , safer or more dangerous than another . "" Some feel that active participation by patients would expose them to greater-than-warranted risks ."	physician
male	1	A farmer who served as a schoolmaster in Zennor for a period , he reputedly learned his Cornish from his father .	farmer
male	6	However , in 1893 , a chief in the Victoria district refused tribute feeling that he was now under the protection of the laws of the settlers .	chief
male	1	The driver sits in the front left of the hull , and is provided with hatch immediately above his seat , which opens to the left .	driver
male	1	The driver must now also start the race from his allocated grid position to be eligible to claim the fastest lap .	driver
male	8	On June 2 , 1920 Zacharka was appointed chief of the Belarusian diplomatic mission to Moscow where he held negotiations with the Russian foreign minister Georgy Chicherin .	chief
male	5	Scholars believe that in 1890 chief Kicking Bear introduced the concept to his people , the Lakota .	chief
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	Suryam gets furious with his driver and his village people when he comes to know about the previous night 's riot .	driver
male	5	The inmate charged that the guard had forcibly rubbed his penis against her buttocks in June .	guard
male	23	Local legend is that the name of the city derived from annual visits to the radium hot springs made by a Native American chief and his tribe who journeyed there each year from Idaho to bathe in the magic healing waters .	chief
male	1	A lawyer threatens to immediately take away his family ' s health benefits and file suit if he does not comply .	lawyer
male	3	A local police chief informs Beck of the crime and he immediately leaves for Arizona .	chief
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	16	Benjamin George Bowden ( 3 June 1906 – 6 March 1998 ) was a British industrial designer , who is known mostly for his work on automobiles and bicycles .	designer
male	20	Herrera continued his march and entered on April 23 to Tunja , thanks to Colonel Reyes Patria won the national guard ensconced in the city , where he appointed General Manuel Maria Franco as commander of the army and Reyes Patria commander of the provinces of Tunja and Tundama .	guard
male	9	After his loan spell and return to Monaco , manager Guy Lacombe placed him in the reserves .	manager
male	14	Once the baby is born and she has to hand him over to the lawyer and his wife , she feels the heart - rending pain of separation .	lawyer
male	52	The fact is stressed that such a development is always the result of a concurrence of several factors : the personality of the person involved , the accident itself -- whereby one has to point out that not the event is decisive , but its result-- , the relation between the medical physician and his patient , the fact of being insured against accidents , as well as further effects originating from the patient 's environment .	physician
male	5	Here , an emergency medicine physician who worked with a Louisiana-based team in the mountains in one of the hardest hit areas relates his experiences .	physician
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	12	Fascinated by his mother , Guillaume imitates her voice to the family cook and his grandmother , Babou .	cook
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	19	As Lin Shiyu , governor of Hunan , had stepped down from his position , Commander - in - Chief of the Hunan Army Zhao Hengti took up his position as Interim Governor , elected by the Provincial Council .	chief
male	1	Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was proud of his team despite their defeat .	manager
male	8	During a focus group interview , a male farmer shared how his family successfully ran a diversified farming operation while home schooling three young children .	farmer
male	12	Mason implied that Allen 's criticism of the recently deceased Fighter Command chief , Air Marshal Sir Hugh Dowding , who could no longer defend himself , was distasteful .	chief
male	10	The Soviets also captured schematics for the gun and the designer himself .	designer
male	9	"The adopted infant subsequently was examined by a local physician , who diagnosed his condition as a "" cold , "" and the infant was taken to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , where the parents were interviewed for an immigrant visa for the child ."	physician
male	2	Wigan Athletic manager Steve Bruce was appointed as his successor in June 2009 .	manager
male	2	Neither his physician nor his orthopedist found any physical disease .	physician
male	16	"Following his first Premier League start of the 2015–16 season , Loftus - Cheek 's Chelsea manager , José Mourinho , commented "" He [ Loftus - Cheek ] is brilliant with the ball ."	manager
male	15	Despite his complaints , however , both Peter David and Marvel editor - in - chief Joe Quesada have defended the development , and the story will most likely go on as planned .	chief
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	3	The current FBK chief acted as his deputy .	chief
male	9	Jesus College , At his second trial , his lawyer said he was by then an odd-job man who relied on the charity of friends .	lawyer
male	8	Jo Hamilton ( 1827–1904 ) was a California lawyer and politician eho among his roles served as California Attorney General 1867 - 1871 and again 1875–1880 .	lawyer
male	28	Merritt Strategies was a lobbying firm founded in 1997 by conservative activist Grover Norquist and then - lawyer David Safavian , who later became better known as the chief of staff in the General Services Administration and for his conviction in the Abramoff - Reed Indian lobbying scandal .	chief
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	1	The driver of the freight train , who survived the accident , testified in court that he saw a green light from the dispatcher ' s hand lantern , signalling him to pass through the station without stopping .	driver
male	31	Arnold was also very lucky , winning a trip to Hawaii in one episode , a prize at the Pixley movie theater for having the most original costume -LRB- the theater manager said he had the best looking pig costume he ' d ever seen -RRB- , and a trip to Hollywood .	manager
male	5	In December 2010 national team manager José Luis Rugamas named García in his 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup squad .	manager
male	26	"The modern history of the area , as far as European settlement is concerned , began on 21 September 1839 , when local Te Ati Awa chief Te Puni gestured with his arms and pointed finger the areas of the Hutt Valley and Wellington , that he was willing to sell to the New Zealand Land Company through its agent Colonel William Wakefield aboard the ship "" Tory "" ."	chief
male	1	The farmer , with his allergy to bunnies acting up , begins sneezing uncontrollably and runs off never to threaten the bunnies ' village again .	farmer
male	39	Super League were signing Cronulla players following their win over new team the Western Reds in Perth when Ritson , showing maturity belying his 18 years , balked at signing , stating that he wished to speak to his manager and his parents first .	manager
male	11	(; 1891 – October 29 , 1944 ) was a Greek lawyer and politician who was executed by the Germans for his involvement in the Cretan Resistance .	lawyer
male	10	He died on June 20 , 1965 when a drunken driver struck his car in Williamsburg , Missouri .	driver
male	32	City officials attempted to contact the local Clear Channel office by telephone to spread warnings of the danger using its radio stations , but it was several critical hours before the station manager was finally reached at his home .	manager
male	7	His : mother Elena Kolesnikova was a cook , and his father , Andrei Ivanovich Zakharenkov , a steelworker .	cook
male	3	The former chief designer of Audi Hartmut Warkuss saw his talent and potential immediately and offered him a scholarship for the Royal College of Art in London , the international elite college in design .	designer
male	9	On December 1 , 2012 , Morse ' s lawyer argued that there was no need for an early trial , and that he needed more time to familiarize himself with the documents the prosecution has provided .	lawyer
male	1	The manager and his wife retained lawyer Staci Riordan of Los Angeles .	manager
male	11	Jessel foundered , Jack Warner and the studio ' s production chief , Darryl Zanuck , called to see if he was interested in the part .	chief
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	4	The car 's Italian driver has great pride in Italian cars , which he claims are the best in the world .	driver
male	5	In April 2012 , a driver mistakenly drove his car into a station entrance , thinking it was an underground car park .	driver
male	8	Rachel keeps Dorn on as the Indians general manager and his first order of business is to re - activate himself as a player .	manager
male	14	A peripheral fallout of this agreement was that the academy 's live - in janitor , Felix Wesstrom , lost his living quarters .	janitor
male	6	Bornstein was Donald Trump 's personal physician from 1980 until early 2018 ; before then Bornstein 's father was his personal physician .	physician
male	18	Kennedy had an easy time with his re - election to the Senate in 2000 , as Republican lawyer and entrepreneur Jack E. Robinson III was sufficiently damaged by his past personal record that Republican state party officials refused to endorse him .	lawyer
male	9	His father , Greg , was a car dealership manager and his mother , Carol , a homemaker .	manager
male	2	The royal physician , Johann Friedrich Struensée ( 1737 - 72 ) , usurped his power .	physician
male	4	However , the project manager left his post in 1987 and the project was abandoned .	manager
male	17	He and his pickpocket and bike thief friend Indhu ( Rambha ) live along with an auto mechanic ( Manivannan ) and his wife .	mechanic
male	1	The physician can never do his job satisfactorily without attention to the emotional problems of his patient , which is essentially the subject matter of psychiatry .	physician
male	6	Terry Kennedy , a fellow taxi driver who described himself as one of Bird 's best friends , and was wounded by Bird , has claimed that Bird had a relationship with a Thai girl he met on holiday in Pattaya , Thailand .	driver
male	39	"In her first case after being re - hired by the District Attorney 's office , she finds herself at odds with "" "" Deputy District Attorney Joe Dekker ( Terrence Howard ) , who is the defendant 's lawyer as well as his cousin ."	lawyer
male	0	Driver took his flag with him to Nashville , flying it on holidays rain or shine .	driver
male	2	The works manager , Lieutenant Arthur Hilary Bristowe , was subsequently awarded the Edward Medal on 21 January 1919 for his heroism following the explosion .	manager
male	3	When this O'Neill chief visited his friend at Dunvegan he took with him the cup and gave it to Macleod as a present .	chief
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	36	"In more modern times , Pieter de la Court commented on its applicability to the Dutch Republic in his retelling of the story in "" Sinryke Fabulen "" ( Amsterdam , 1685 ) as "" A farmer and his seven quarrelsome sons "" ."	farmer
male	2	The chief manager of Harmony Promotion , Kaoru Wada , suspended his activities for three months while Sonim continued promoting without him .	manager
male	11	This one looked exactly like those I remembered ; but the driver crossed himself as he smilingly signalled to me to proceed , and on closer inspection I saw what had happened .	driver
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	1	The driver was dressed like a police officer and had a gun in his hand .	driver
male	1	The chief performs his duties under the direction of the university ’s general counsel , Robert W. Iuliano .	chief
male	2	Both the driver and his vehicle were coated with the spray .	driver
male	19	It ' s not quite the same as `` Well this is libel and I ' m calling my lawyer '' since he did not explicit say he would .	lawyer
male	1	The guard said he then fired at the prisoner , and the prisoner dropped , and that the guard commander also fired at the prisoner .	guard
male	26	As such , this submission is being brought to you by two patients whose lives have been irrevocably altered by medical mishaps , along with a physician who has spent a considerable portion of his career advancing and integrating the patient voice on patient safety issues .	physician
male	4	Ruge suggests that his chief treated his own fame as a kind of weapon .	chief
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	"The developer himself said , "" I did n't think it was going to be this popular , I thought it would gain only a small group of dedicated viewers and many others would check it out briefly before moving on to other things ."	developer
male	9	When he returned home , Wapasha became a war chief and his forces fought in the American Revolution against the Loyalist - allied Ojibwe tribe as well as the Sauk and Fox tribes .	chief
male	9	At the time , Argaña was accompanied by his driver , Víctor Barrios Rey , and his assigned bodyguard , police sub - officer Francisco Barrios González ; Barrios González was killed in the attack , while Barrios Rey was injured but survived .	driver
male	1	Whichever driver flashes his headlamps in response to the unlit car becomes the target ; to complete the initiation , the prospective gang member must hunt down and shoot , kill , assault , or rape the target .	driver
male	4	In Italy , the designer Gio Ponti was famous for his streamlined designs .	designer
male	10	He also appointed former cabinet minister Bernard Thériault as his chief of staff and his former Opposition chief of staff Chris Baker to be secretary of the Policy and Priorities Committee of Cabinet .	chief
male	13	In all , Rathbone spent eight seasons with Blackburn before Preston North End manager John McGrath paid a fee of £ 20,000 for his services in August 1987 .	manager
male	1	Lorry driver Charlie makes himself a regular at the Rovers due to his romantic interest in landlady	driver
male	0	Farmer credits his upbringing in Chicago for expanding his horizons past gospel and exposing him to rock , jazz and blues .	farmer
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	1	The mechanic says that if I do not replace magnet if it is broken , he said that it could go into `` stall condition '' .	mechanic
male	2	A point guard often controls the offense and he also controls who gets the ball and who does n't , as this type of controlling style of play is necessary to control the tempo of a game .	guard
male	3	An English racing driver , Alan Colby , and his wife , Denise , were involved in a bad accident a year ago .	driver
male	1	A physician must use his best judgment on when it is necessary to make this incision and what form of incision to make .	physician
male	36	As of August 10 , when Judiciary Committee chairman Grassley announced the confirmation hearing start - date , the committee had received more than 184,000 pages of records from Kavanaugh 's work as a White House lawyer and his work for Independent Counsel Ken Starr .	lawyer
male	2	An automobile mechanic by profession , Magsaysay was appointed military governor of Zambales after his outstanding service as a guerilla leader during the Pacific War .	mechanic
male	1	The driver and his wife , with whom Jakob was boarding , were hospitalised with serious injuries .	driver
male	26	Grant would sell channel 20 three years later in 1969 to the Superior Tube Company , although he would stay on as WDCA ' s general manager for the next decade .	manager
male	16	Tom Tjaarda ( July 23 , 1934 – June 2 , 2017 ) was an automobile designer noted for his work on a broad range of automobiles — estimated at over eighty — from exotic sports cars including the Ferrari 365 California , De Tomaso Pantera and Aston Martin Lagonda Coupé to high - volume popular cars including the first generation Ford Fiesta ( 1972 ) and the Fiat 124 Spider ( 1966 ) .	designer
male	5	Abreu , the local security chief , excuses himself to investigate .	chief
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	15	The next day , just as suddenly as his sight had been lost , the driver recovers his sight .	driver
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	2	The Ferrari driver served his penalty and rejoined the track still in last place .	driver
male	23	These parameters influence driver behavior such as when and how long it takes a driver to change lanes , how much distance a driver leaves between his car and the car in front of it , and how quickly a driver starts to accelerate through an intersection .	driver
male	21	Fourteen years later , in 1817 after his wife Lucille died of fever , Lieutenant Colonel Richard Sharpe , now a farmer in France , is summoned to London by his former commander , the Duke of Wellington ( Hugh Fraser ) , and asked to undertake one more mission for him : to find a man in India .	farmer
male	9	"Shortly after , a well - known PlayStation 3 developer , "" Rogero , "" released his free of charge 4.21 CFW ."	developer
male	13	But he is physically ailing , and he 's also depressed because his lawyer can not uphold his claim to a share in a country estate currently owned by Richard Searle , a distant relation .	lawyer
male	24	The rally marked the first time a driver had won a WRC event seven times in a row , and the second time a driver had won the same event seven times during his career , after Marcus Grönholm 's seven wins in the Rally Finland .	driver
male	2	The winning manager , Joe Royle was notable for the fact that he would be the last English manager to lift the FA Cup up to and including the 2008 final , when Harry Redknapp broke this run .	manager
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	12	They had first played together in 1953 , but soon separated – Farmer then recorded under his own name and was a sideman for several leaders , while Golson composed and played for various bands .	farmer
male	43	More than merely a recorder of other peoples ' efforts , LeSesne achieved some celebrity himself as the photographer of these attempts and his signature may be found on photographs of the period along with those of other team members and even the driver himself .	driver
male	23	In the summer of 2014 , manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italy national team , with former Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri called in as his replacement .	manager
male	14	The hole caused a leak that made the brakes come on , but the driver knows he can fix it with some newspaper and a leather bootlace .	driver
male	7	Trembley earned his second league title and Manager of the Year honor in 1995 when he led Class A Daytona to the Florida State League title , and also was named Manager of the Year in the Southern League in 1999 after guiding the Class AA West Tenn Diamond Jaxx to first place finishes in each half of the split-season .	manager
male	33	On the medical side , there is the task of giving the most appropriate form of treatment to the individual patient and , so far as it lies within the power of the physician and his staff , of supporting and motivating the patient to maintain a reasonably satisfying and productive life despite the stress of illness and treatment .	physician
male	3	Khan , a lawyer himself , challenged this decision , taking it to the Supreme court , saying that he had fulfilled all his obligations under Islamic law .	lawyer
male	14	To his utmost surprise , a few minutes before Friday noon , the bank manager who had turned down refinancing of the hotel , came with an offer , that an individual , whose name could not be disclosed then , would be paying the mortgage and buying the major shares of the Hotel .	manager
male	8	In 1763 Jan Fryderyk Knolle , a Polish physician , wrote his doctoral thesis on osseous syphilis , De Ossium Carie Venerea , at the University of Leipzig , Saxony ( now East Germany ) .	physician
male	8	Before his departure from India , the Durrani chief consigned large tracts of country to the Rohilla chieftains , and while Dhunde Khan received Shikohabad , Inayat Khan , son of Hafiz Rahmat Khan received the district of Etawah .	chief
male	40	Kromkamp hit back at this criticism by saying that he was very pleased to have joined Liverpool and that he would work hard to make it into van Basten 's 2006 FIFA World Cup squad ; in May 2006 the manager announced his final list of 23 , which included Kromkamp , although he was not used during the tournament itself .	manager
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	He held a bank manager and his family hostage aimed at raising funds for the INLA .  	manager
male	33	When a mad dog , foaming at the mouth , ran across the field during a game at the Polo Grounds , Dryden quipped that the dog had been bitten by Giants ' manager John McGraw , who was known for his fierce competitive spirit .	manager
male	1	The designer of the structure is unknown , however , it was possibly Jensen himself , or his friend , prairie school architect Hugh Garden .	designer
male	4	The Durant , Mississippi physician is remembered for his special contributions to medicine in the state and as a long - time supporter of quality improvement and the organization ’s work .	physician
male	1	"Gazan lawyer and church historian Sozomen , also a law student at Beirut , wrote in his "" Historia Ecclesiastica "" about Triphyllius , a convert to Christendom who became the bishop of Nicosia ."	lawyer
male	2	An elderly farmer , played by Victor Rebengiuc , has lost his wife in a flood .	farmer
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	2	The first driver on the track for practice on July 27 , 1961 was Tiny Lund in his Pontiac .	driver
male	9	Only in his very last season , 1984 , manager Claes Cronqvist put him in the defence in the Swedish Cup final vs Malmö FF .	manager
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	2	The engine driver tells the traveller that as they came around the bend he saw the signalman standing on the line , when he did not heed the whistle the driver shut it off and called out to him .	driver
male	5	But , Abbasi ' s lawyer has confirmed that he claims to have been tortured ; as a result , the statement could not be used in a British court as evidence .	lawyer
male	2	The English lawyer and politician Francis Rous authored a new metrical paraphrase of the Book of Psalms which he published in 1641 .	lawyer
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	12	As a result , Valverde apportioned blame to , while his team manager , at one point , pulled alongside his opposite number from for discussions .	manager
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	2	"And the lawyer wrote in his "" Gramática castellana "" ( Antwerp , 1558 ) that Castilian was spoken by Flemish , Italian , English , and French persons ."	lawyer
male	4	In Bridgeport , insurance lawyer Sam Friedman is assigned by his brother to get Marshall admitted to the local bar , against his will .	lawyer
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	2	Video game developer Nicklas Nygren used Fast Tracker 2 in his early works ( e.g. Knytt Stories ) to compose the video game music .	developer
male	14	"In one "" Stunt Dawgs "" comic book story , the Stunt Scabs ' lawyer introduces himself as Slyme Whiplash and the law firm he works for as "" Dewey , Cheatam and Howe "" ."	lawyer
male	32	"A supposed physical fight between Dickinson and Adams is portrayed , in which Dickinson calls Adams a "" lawyer "" as an epithet , which makes little sense since Dickinson was a lawyer himself ."	lawyer
male	0	Farmer and his brother moved to Los Angeles in 1945 , attending the music - oriented Jefferson High School , where they got music instruction and met other developing musicians such as Sonny Criss , Ernie Andrews , Big Jay McNeely , and Ed Thigpen .	farmer
male	23	Edith decides she wants the child back and plans to reclaim her , then places her in the care of a local pig farmer and his wife .	farmer
male	31	In August 1922 , Sylva Brébart was replaced by the Belgium national team 's former manager Charles Bunyan , Sr .. Ten days after the contract was signed , the new manager died and was replaced by his own son , Cyrille Bunyan .	manager
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	13	In reality , having learned of the sudden death of his band 's manager , Sousa and his wife canceled their European vacation and were returning to the U.S. by steamship when the march came to him .	manager
male	1	The lawyer brother , during his visit to a local school , wishes to sexually abuse a girl .	lawyer
male	17	The film is set in a shabby apartment where Danny resides above the room of a security guard and his wife .	guard
male	3	Knowing this , manager tricks a drama couple as his mother and brother and makes him believe it .	manager
male	1	The chief of police , he does his best to protect Jin .	chief
male	7	Shortly after his birth , Peterson 's physician father moved to Sarasota , Florida to open a medical practice .	physician
male	28	Currently the operational standard code of ethics does not address either issue even when New Zealand health ethics had its origins at National Women 's Hospital where a physician researched his own patients .	physician
male	19	"Henry George "" Harry "" Ferguson ( 4 November 188425 October 1960 ) was an Irish - born British mechanic and inventor who is noted for his role in the development of the modern agricultural tractor and its three point linkage system , for being the first person in Ireland to build and fly his own aeroplane , and for developing the first four - wheel drive Formula One car , the Ferguson P99 ."	mechanic
male	30	John George returned to the series for the first time since 2004 in an ex - Dynamics Integra run by former Production class entrant TH Motorsport , with club saloon driver Simon Blanckley also plumping for an Integra in his debut season in the category , running for his own Sibsport team with support from touring car preparation expert Graham Hathaway .	driver
male	10	Shortly after the conclusion of the 2017 season , Skeeters manager Gary Gaetti stepped down from his position with the expiration of his contract .	manager
male	1	"United manager Alex Ferguson called it his "" worst ever day "" and "" the worst result in my history , ever "" ."	manager
male	1	The chief of staff feels that Michael is doing it for his own pleasure rather than protecting the hospital and he tells them to behave professionally at work .	chief
male	4	His service as service chief was recognised by his appointment as a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1980 .	chief
male	4	Under his coaching , guard Travis Bond was named a CFL All - Star as well as an All - Division selection .	guard
male	11	Before his next start , Houston , Texas , real estate developer John Ballis paid $ 1 million for a half interest in the horse .	developer
male	10	"By constitution dated 31 May 2017 , the Lennox clan chief organized his clan into a society known simply as "" Clan Lennox , "" and he appointed officers and an international council of commissioners ."	chief
male	1	The farmer was so pleased with Cidade ' s strength and diligence that he wanted him to marry his daughter and to become his heir .	farmer
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	1	Then manager of Spurs , Bill Nicholson , wrote in his autobiography :	manager
male	6	His family expressed , and his physician believed , that he was suffering from depression because of his dramatic clinical presentation .	physician
male	16	After being shut out by the Atlanta Thrashers and Vancouver Canucks in consecutive games , General Manager Paul Holmgren relieved Head Coach John Stevens from his duties and hired Peter Laviolette in his stead .	manager
male	18	A triage system may be set up to filter calls that need to be necessarily answered by the physician himself .	physician
male	7	Some sanctioning bodies do not classify a driver in the final results if he did not finish completed a certain number of laps .	driver
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	3	His ex - manager at Manchester City , Roberto Mancini , has compared Agüero to former Brazilian striker , Romário , due to his pace , goalscoring ability , positioning in the area , and technique .	manager
male	3	A   66-year-old physician treated himself   for an osteoarthritis flare after steroids with six turmeric extract capsules ( 538 mg ) daily , to help with inflammation .	physician
male	29	Ernest Sparkman , a name now synonymous with radio broadcasting in Perry County , died in January 2010 at the age of 84 , and well - known land developer Roy Campbell was murdered in his Brownsfork home in November 2010 .	developer
male	5	His father was a gas manager and his family were Anglicans .	manager
male	8	His father , Louis Diamond , was a physician from Chișinău ( Bessarabia ) , and his mother , Flora ( Kaplan ) , a teacher , linguist , and concert pianist .	physician
male	22	Job Baster , sometimes Hiob Baster , ( 2 April 1711 , in Zierikzee – 6 March 1775 ) was a Dutch physician and naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to the study of medicine and natural history .	physician
male	7	Also continuing that A.B. Quintanilla 's new manager had called his mother to tell her she had 24 hours to leave her home .	manager
male	6	"Similarly , American Republican politician and physician Tom Coburn was also known as "" Dr. No "" for his frequent opposition to legislation in the United States Congress , particularly bills which would increase federal spending ."	physician
male	3	They kill the farmer and his wife and take their guns .	farmer
male	6	The squad was so stretched that manager Joe Miller named himself amongst the substitutes .	manager
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	53	When the M8 was in action , the commander positioned himself at the antiaircraft machine gun and directed his crew , the gunner sat in the turret on the right side of the howitzer , the assistant driver / loader moved up from his seat in the right front hull , and the driver stayed at his position .	driver
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	6	The next day , Madonna 's manager , Guy Oseary , asked fans on his Twitter for input regarding the track listing of the greatest hits album .	manager
male	10	Due to lack of leadership and transparency , the Health chief was heavily criticized for his performance in responding to the coronavirus disease pandemic in the country .	chief
male	12	In his most notable year , 1953 , Fitch and co - driver Phil Walters defeated the powerful Aston Martin team in the 12 Hours of Sebring , in a Chrysler - powered Cunningham C4R , much to the surprise of the English team ’s manager , John Wyer .	driver
male	2	A Catholic lawyer asked Edamaruku to apologise whilst on television , but he did not , so in April 2012 , the Catholic Secular Forum in Mumbai filed a complaint under Section 295(A ) of the Indian Penal Code in several police stations around the city .	lawyer
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	3	"Chain 's band manager , Michael Gudinski had signed the band to his newly formed label , Mushroom Records which released two non - charting singles and then an album , "" Two of a Kind "" in December 1973 with contributions from James Madison on guitar and George Beauford on vocals and harmonica ."	manager
male	17	Penalties of 150 owner and driver points penalties and a $ 100,000 fine along with his crew chief and his assistant ( car chief ) were both suspensded for six races being announced on July 8 .	chief
male	1	The chief of the army , Major General Joaquín Cuadra Lacayo , continued in his pre - Chamorro position .	chief
male	5	His father , a truck driver and his mother , a waitress , introduced Niko to the works of artists like John Prine and Patty Griffin .	driver
male	9	In January 2015 the Adelaide Adrenaline announced that general manager Ross Noga had resigned from his position due to time constraints following a change in career .	manager
male	5	Throughout his career as police chief Florissant was consistently ranked as one of the safest cities in America .	chief
male	2	A local farmer gave the name Lonsdale to his property and in time this name was given to a local rail siding and eventually the suburb .	farmer
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	16	When the fuel level became low and the Alfa 's engine started to misfire , the mechanic knelt on his seat and began to pour the fuel from the can into the rear - mounted tank .	mechanic
male	11	Following his impressive performance with youth team , Pescara senior team manager Massimo Oddo named him on bench for senior team 's Serie B matches against Cesena and Spezia .	manager
male	8	"Julio Salazar , former "" de jure "" chief of the National Intelligence Service ( SIN ) , was sentenced to thirty - five years of prison for his role in the La Cantuta massacre ."	chief
male	5	The Blackhawks saw Assistant General Manager Rick Dudley resign from his position and join the Atlanta Thrashers as associate general manager .	manager
male	11	In his first mock draft in January 2018 , ESPN draft analyst Mel Kiper Jr. predicted that the Cleveland Browns would select Allen over other top quarterbacks in the 2018 draft , such as Josh Rosen , Sam Darnold , Baker Mayfield , and Lamar Jackson .	analyst
male	6	Philemon , a middle - class lawyer awakens his sleeping wife Matilda , whom he calls Tilly , in their bedroom , with breakfast in bed .	lawyer
male	2	The club manager immediately proposed him to coach the U 14 and he got much success with the team .	manager
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	12	After the sacking of manager Di Matteo on 21 November , interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games .	manager
male	3	Cassidy was reappointed manager of Clonoe O'Rahilly ' s in 2011 , where he guided them back into the Tyrone championship final against Dromore , a repeat of the 2008 final , this time Dromore got their revenge winning by a point .	manager
male	15	The judge ruled that `` regarding his personal conduct as a Death ' s Head guard leaves no room for factual dispute whether he personally advocated or assisted in persecution '' .	guard
male	8	Aside from music , Shelby is a UX Designer / Graphic Designer / Painter and his work spans from album layouts ( most notably Ire Works by The Dillinger Escape Plan ) , logos and interface designs .	designer
male	20	"There were two dirt track race cars called "" Jimmy "" and "" Jimmy , Jr. "" after the chief designer and his son ."	designer
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	21	The assessment involves studying a series of real - life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you ’ve seen .	manager
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	9	"Henry Augustus Shute ( 1856–1943 ) was an American lawyer , judge and writer , who was best known for his "" Plupy "" stories in "" The Saturday Evening Post "" and a series of books ."	lawyer
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	3	The rifle 's designer , Mikhail Kalashnikov lived in Izhevsk until his death in 2013 .	designer
male	6	In the 2015–16 season , Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim stated he was keen on using Tisserand in the first team this season , due to his good performance in the previous season .	manager
male	21	Players are given the ability to customize their racing vehicle ; transforming them into the pit crew in addition to the driver himself .	driver
male	10	In the police report , Boston police state the truck driver had his right turn signal active for eight seconds prior to the turn , and that Kurmann was riding in a bus lane when she was struck .	driver
male	4	In 2007 , a developer at QNX Software Systems announced on his blog that he and a colleague were working on incorporating DTrace into the QNX operating system .	developer
male	7	Hiromoto Okubo , Rakuten 's farm team manager , was named Hoshino 's successor following his departure .	manager
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	7	At the same time , the chief mechanic came from his nearby apartment to drive out trams , but it was too late .	mechanic
male	10	He trained from 1701 to 1702 with the Brussels tapestry designer Lodewijk van Schoor who had established himself in Antwerp in 1696 .  	designer
male	18	McMillan was born and raised in La Jolla , California , where his father is a real estate developer and his mother a psychologist .	developer
male	6	After completing his shift , the physician informed the medical staff that he felt that his life was endangered by the hospital policy and that would not be able to volunteer for any more shifts unless the policy was changed to allow use of face masks by physicians on the COVID-19 rule-out floor .	physician
male	8	"On October 1 , 1865 Mount Cashell 's lawyer , H.C.R. Becher , based at nearby London , Ontario , confided in his diary that "" The Earl of Mountcashell dines with me often ."	lawyer
male	13	He finally lost out to the Irishman on lap 10 and the Ferrari driver then started his charge up the field .	driver
male	11	Following his retirement , Clarke 's first stint as Flyers general manager lasted six seasons and included two trips to the Stanley Cup Final in 1985 and 1987 .	manager
male	7	Anthony Gabby Carter was named a Nigerian chief , which symbolizes that he is head of a community or clan and is a source of authority .	chief
male	3	HTTP Switchboard 's developer , Raymond Hill , has also developed other browser extensions , including ad filtering uBlock which he actively leads as uBlock Origin .	developer
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	32	The first -LRB- and least common -RRB- way is begin with one driver on one lane of the track , a segment usually consisting of 2 minutes is run in which the driver attempts to complete as many laps as he can .	driver
male	2	Their court-appointed lawyer , Len Garber -LRB- Joel Brooks -RRB- , advises them to wait until he can appeal their case .	lawyer
male	13	Eicher 's father , Harold Ralph Eicher ( 1892–1968 ) was a sales manager and his mother , Myrtle Grace ( née Wetzel ) Eicher ( 1894–1989 ) was a seamstress , public school teacher , and piano and organ teacher .	manager
male	6	Several formulations were used : each physician proposed his own , including antifungal prophylaxis ( amphotericin B , nystatin ) , antimicrobial agents ( povidone , chlorhexidine ) , mucosal surface protectant ( sucralfate ) , alkalin solution ( sodium bicarbonate ) , anti-inflammatory agent ( aspirin ) , anaesthetic drugs ( lidocaïn ) and other agent ( glycothymoline ) .	physician
male	29	"In the period western "" Hostiles "" ( 2017 ) , directed by Scott Cooper , Bale starred as a US Cavalry officer escorting a gravely ill Cheyenne war chief and his family , who have been released from prison , back to their home in Montana . """	chief
male	8	In the Federal Court , Loh ' s lawyer said that although Loh did not have an absolute right to a passport , he did have a qualified right on condition of good character .	lawyer
male	5	Within a community , a chief inherits his position on a patrilineal basis , and his close relatives have highest rank .  	chief
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	15	The conflict in this case was over who had the right to bury a deceased lawyer , his widow , or his clan .  	lawyer
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	9	Trump was honored for his work as a successful developer in New York City and his German heritage.[citation missing ]	developer
male	6	It was later learned the truck driver and his cargo were not related to the shooting , and was it just a case of being in the wrong place at the wrong time .	driver
male	9	"His play , "" The Caravan , or the Driver and his Dog "" , was performed at Drury Lane , with the introduction of a live dog that was trained to save a child from drowning by leaping from a rock and plunging into real water ."	driver
male	7	Charles Deetz is a former real estate developer ; his wife Delia , a sculptor ; and his teenage goth daughter Lydia , from his first marriage , who is an aspiring photographer .	developer
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	16	Ron Noades took over the club as chairman in the summer of 1998 and appointed himself manager , with support from coaches Ray Lewington , Terry Bullivant and Brian Sparrow .	manager
male	1	A farmer would adjust his herd milking schedule to have the milk cans filled shortly before scheduled arrival of the train .	farmer
male	15	He -LRB- John -RRB- originally came to Scotland for a trial with Kilmarnock but their manager , at that time , Jim Jefferies said that he was an excellent player but was not quite what he was looking for at that time .	manager
male	3	Additionally , his manager has allowed his general views on the subject of climate change to be heard and considered inside and outside the EPA and presented at conferences and at an agency seminar .	manager
male	2	Requesens ' lawyer , Joel García , also mentioned his concern for the other prisoners .	lawyer
male	7	Twenty years later , in 1970 , lawyer John Carter arrives in East Willard on Christmas Eve with his assistant and mistress Ingrid , having been charged by Jeffrey to sell the house .	lawyer
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	5	On a night when her lawyer and lover , François Durnais , brings his good friend , Chief Magistrate Paul Barrière , to the club , a raid is staged by police and the performers , including Simone , are placed under arrest .  	lawyer
male	5	His father was a taxi driver and his mother , Constance , died when Endeavour was twelve years old in 1950 when she was twenty nine .	driver
male	2	"Radio Kerry analyst and former referee Weeshie Fogarty expressed his dismay at the criticism of Duffy , commenting : "" It 's bad enough to referee big games in Croke Park and see your name being castigated in the papers and torn asunder the following week ."	analyst
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	17	The first president of the club was Hassan Kanah and the first technical staff consisted of the manager , Ghani Askar , and his two assistants , Moayad Al - Badri and Sami Al - Saffar .	manager
male	1	Minnesota guard and Memphis native Andre Hollins scored 41 points against his hometown team , while Memphis guard Joe Jackson was limited to 7 minutes of playing time .	guard
male	6	In one instance , a blind farmer once told them he had envisioned oil gushing out of a hill on his farm and shooting up over a tree .	farmer
male	3	Our transfusion medicine physician is responsible for consultation and interpreting clinical and laboratory data , and he must receive training in clinical hematology and laboratory .	physician
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	The physician Hua Tuo comes to his camp and offers to heal his arm .	physician
male	15	Law firms have no work to support the flood of applicants , and a new lawyer is likely to starve if he just opens an office as a sole practitioner , even if his prices are way under those of established firms .	lawyer
male	2	Sunderland 's manager Peter Reid had been under - fire throughout pre - season for his failure to buy a big - name striker as a long - term replacement for the ageing Niall Quinn .	manager
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	1	The physician apparently entered his bedroom shortly after 5 P.M. yesterday .	physician
male	4	The player controls a driver of an excavation vehicle as he competes in a 48-level tournament of drilling things .	driver
male	5	In 2014 , American firearms designer Jim Sullivan provided a video interview regarding his contributions to the M16 / M4 family of rifles when working for Armalite .	designer
male	11	At the end of what was a very poor season , manager Frank Taylor was replaced by his assistant Tony Waddington , who kept faith with Andrew .	manager
male	1	The lawyer Amodio tried , in his speech in defense of the regatta , to change his mind , underlining the importance not only historical but also tourism of the event .	lawyer
male	5	The goal meant that Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger was victorious in his 800th Premier League game in charge and also was Ramsey 's 50th goal for Arsenal .	manager
male	2	The Dutch driver finished his first season in the Barber Dodge series in ninth place of the championship .	driver
male	21	Promoted to vice admiral in 1956 , Felt commanded the Sixth Fleet in the Mediterranean for six months before the new chief of naval operations , Arleigh Burke , tapped his former assistant to be his vice chief , a promotion that leapfrogged Felt over a score of senior admirals and carried the rank of full admiral .	chief
male	2	A trainee guard must pass for his diploma within one year .	guard
male	1	The chief and his band were then marched to Fort Robinson and imprisoned there until the end of the war in 1877 .	chief
male	26	"An extended choreographed version of "" The Road to Bali "" song which was cut from the final print has surfaced in recent years and Paramount chief Adolph Zukor revealed in his autobiography that an expensive water ballet sequence was cut from the film too ."	chief
male	5	Lithgow was chief draughtsman - designer and his work was crucial to their strategy of standardising hull shapes and components , thus increasing efficiency and profitability .	designer
male	14	His father , Rene , who is originally from Luxembourg , is a systems analyst and his mother , Nancy , is a second grade teacher .	analyst
male	2	"The "" guard "" then alerted his fellow gang members ."	guard
male	8	Guillaume Lamy ( 1644–1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .	physician
male	2	"The Roman driver , tied up in the back , swears his revenge in a thought - bubble , declaring , "" I promise you have n't heard the last of the affair of the courrier of Lugdunum ! """	driver
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	5	In early 2012 , former manager Gerry Flynn took legal action against the club for wrongful dismissal and breach of contract regarding his sacking in 2011 .	manager
male	7	His father was a movie theatre projector designer and his grandfather made parts for phonograph machines .	designer
male	6	"Confucius wisely observed that "" the mechanic that would perfect his work must first sharpen his tools ."	mechanic
male	9	Having benched all of his Canadian players , the manager declared his intent to field a team composed entirely of American players .	manager
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	13	In 2006 , the Darrell Waltrip Edition was marketed to honor the NASCAR driver and his participation in the NASCAR Truck Series .	driver
male	17	This artisanal mastery was becoming an anachronism by the time of Cornett 's life , yet the carpenter stubbornly kept at his craft , enduring considerable poverty in consequence .	carpenter
male	14	League president John Ziegler held up approval of the contract and summoned Capitals general manager David Poile to Toronto to explain himself ; not willing to risk being sanctioned , the team signed Steve Weeks instead .	manager
male	11	"After the video surfaced , Carragher issued an apology to the driver and his daughter , calling it a "" moment of madness "" and the "" worst mistake "" of his career ."	driver
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	1	The manager is also akin to a coach and he does not take part in the actual game .	manager
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	18	These questions are addressed : What does it mean to be a physician , and how can a physician continue his education ? Where is his place in family crises ?	physician
male	3	He commanded a guard battalion at the Battle of Leuthen , again distinguished himself at the Battle of Hochkirch and was promoted major - general .	guard
male	12	In 2011 , after living 61 years in New York City , Driver moved with his wife to a retirement community in New Jersey .	driver
male	28	During the 2005–06 season , Montolivo 's first - team chances were limited , partly due to the fact he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal .	manager
male	10	"The Temptations remained dissatisfied with Whitfield 's "" slave - driver "" like production mentality and his tendency to overshadow the Temptations ' contributions to their own records by emphasising his production techniques and creating extended instrumental tracks with only a few verses of vocals ."	driver
male	10	Following his penchant for making big moves , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren made two franchise - altering trades within the span of an hour on June 23 , 2011 , trading Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings for Brayden Schenn , Wayne Simmonds and a 2012 second - round draft pick , and Jeff Carter to Columbus for their 2011 first - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Sean Couturier ) , 2011 third - round pick ( with which the Flyers selected Nick Cousins ) and Jakub Voracek .	manager
male	8	"In the fall of 1986 , Volkoff 's manager "" Classy "" Freddy Blassie sold half interest in his stable of superstars to the "" Doctor of Style "" , Slick ( kayfabe ) , giving Slick co - managerial rights to Volkoff ."	manager
male	15	Vandahurst Lynk ( June 3 , 1871 – December 29 , 1956 ) was a physician and author noted for his efforts to create opportunities for African Americans in science , specifically for medical doctors .	physician
male	1	A farmer and bushman , he ran his almost wild cattle in the glacier - cut Hollyford Valley in Fiordland , South Westland , New Zealand .	farmer
male	1	"The carpenter aboard "" Reniera e Soderina "" confronted his captain , telling him to surrender or face a mutiny ."	carpenter
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	4	Mayén was an industrial designer , and following his graduation from Columbia , taught classes in advertising design at his alma mater , Cooper Union , and The New School , both in Manhattan .	designer
male	78	Five factors can be identified as important determinants for the dose individualization approach : ( 1 ) Persistence or absence of metastatic disease , ( 2 ) the risk characteristics of the patient and the tumor ( 3 ) patient 's clinical profile , symptomatology , and contraindications ( 4 ) the feasibility to ensure a proper thyroid stimulating hormone TSH suppression level ( depends on patient 's socio-economic and educational background , the connectivity with the local physician and his expertise ) ( 5 ) time period elapsed since initial diagnosis .	physician
male	2	"Indie game developer Ben Esposito worked on "" Donut County "" in his free time while developing "" The Unfinished Swan "" ."	developer
male	3	His spell as manager came at a difficult time , following the end of the Second World War , and he struggled to manoeuvre in the transfer market .	manager
male	9	Following the familiar pattern Shotwell fell ill and his physician told him that he had not long to live .	physician
male	19	The site is a respected place for the people living in the region and it is believed that the chief lived on the top of the hill together with his helpers or assistants .	chief
male	25	The former bank building demonstrates a common early practice in the design of provincial banks in which accommodation was provided on the premises for the manager and his family .	manager
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	50	"As an illustration , in mass media , the first indigenous newspaper to be established on the Gold Coast was the "" Accra Herald , "" later renamed the "" West African Herald "" , first published in 1857 in British Accra by the Euro - African English - trained lawyer , Charles Bannerman and his brother Edmund , scions of the then well - connected coastal Bannerman family ."	lawyer
male	1	"The physician Giorgio Antonucci , during his activity as a director of the "" Ospedale Psichiatrico Osservanza "" of Imola , refused any form of coercion and any violation of the fundamental principles of freedom , questioning the basis of psychiatry itself ."	physician
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :  "	editor
male	8	The mule replies that he only fears the driver and his whip .	driver
male	1	The chief of security , Erasmus , sets off a bomb and kills himself while destroying the X - Men 's vessel .	chief
male	5	"My father and the old chief and his wife had died , and with them the old Indian life was gone . ' """	chief
male	8	Sometimes by being kind enough to let a driver get his lap back , a favor would be expected later in the race in return .	driver
male	3	Colbert ' s lawyer , Trevor Potter , advised Stephen that he could form a second anonymous 501 -LRB- c -RRB- -LRB- 4 -RRB- , then make out a check with the remaining funds to his first 501 -LRB- c -RRB- -LRB- 4 -RRB- along with an Agency Letter which instructed the original 501 -LRB- c -RRB- -LRB- 4 -RRB- to pay those funds to the second 501 -LRB- c -RRB- -LRB- 4 -RRB- and give dispersal instructions to that second 501 -LRB- c -RRB- -LRB- 4 -RRB- .	lawyer
male	1	"The lawyer confirms his statements but said it was "" a joke "" ."	lawyer
male	36	The only businesses that flourish serve the gin industry : gin sellers ; a distiller ( the aptly named Kilman ) ; the pawnbroker where the avaricious Mr. Gripe greedily takes the vital possessions ( the carpenter offers his saw and the housewife her cooking utensils ) of the alcoholic residents of the street in return for a few pennies to feed their habit ; and the undertaker , for whom Hogarth implies at least a handful of new customers from this scene alone .	carpenter
male	1	"The driver of an empty city bus was able to save himself , and his bus was salvaged and continued to be used until 1989 ; it now resides in Vienna 's tramway museum ( "" Straßenbahnmuseum "" ) ."	driver
male	7	She developed a friendship with a local lawyer and his wife , Orren T. and Marian Seward Holt , while also entertaining a niece from Cleveland , Mamie Baldwin Huntington .	lawyer
male	2	Caretaker - manager Billy Dodds took charge for his only game as United recovered to beat Falkirk 2–1 , with newly appointed Brewster watching from the stands .	manager
male	1	The lawyer said that `` By the time he went over to Poland you could not even sit down and have a conversation with him .	lawyer
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	1	The designer saw his original clothing at the National Museum of Costume .	designer
male	10	Police officers arriving on the scene discovered staff , the manager and his family all bound , but physically unharmed .	manager
male	3	The most recent driver to join the list is Justin Haley , with his Xfinity Series win at Talladega on June 20 , 2020 .	driver
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	9	Gaborone himself was responsible for rescue of the Kgatla chief , Lentswe , who had been abandoned by his fleeing tribesmen .	chief
male	6	It was therefore suggested to the farmer and his veterinarian to immediately stop the application of tetracycline and to use a different antibiotic against the still present coughing and sneezing .	farmer
male	41	Indeed , models basically play the same role in economics as in fashion : they provide an articulated frame on which to show off your material to advantage ... ; a useful role , but fraught with the dangers that the designer may get carried away by his personal inclination for the model , while the customers may forget that the model is more streamlined than reality .	designer
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	9	Company , Dyson was rewarded by being named a manager when he returned to the United States in 1938 .	manager
male	18	He successfully contested the bypoll under the guidance and the leadership of Mr. M.K. Stalin , the DMK chief , who is popularly referred by his followers and public as Thalapathy .	chief
male	5	The patient , a retired manager , had spent most of his life in France , and he had traveled for short periods in Tunisia , Turkey , and Mauritius ( six years previously ) .	manager
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	8	His mother , Donka Raikova , was a lawyer and poet and his father , Stanju Stanev , was an engineer and photographer .	lawyer
male	15	Kammerer 's psyche was evidently decaying ; he was barely scraping by , helping a janitor clean his building on Morton Street in exchange for rent .	janitor
male	6	William Dunn was once the quarry manager and his wife , was Jessie Mckie ( died 1913 ) , her father being William McKie ( died 1857 ) , described as a quarryman .	manager
male	6	In the twentieth century the school physician made his entry into the school .	physician
male	9	Then Waldemar Kosiński was the editor - in - chief and his term ended in 1989 .	chief
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	1	"Political analyst Larry Sabato stated in his 2006 book "" Encyclopedia of American Political Parties and Elections "" that Disraeli 's description of dark horses "" now fits in neatly with the media 's trend towards horse - race journalism and penchant for using sports analogies to describe presidential politics . """	analyst
male	9	While Goku Jr. is doing his business , the driver empties his oversized book bag ( which is full of food ) , throws the bag onto Goku Jr. , and speeds off .	driver
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	24	"The U.S. military offered a different version of events , declaring that "" the truck was loaded with propane tanks and that a suicide driver detonated his bomb when the vehicle became stuck trying to drive over a curb . """	driver
male	8	When he steps into the limo , the driver ( Jim Carrey ) turns around and reveals himself to be Death .	driver
male	2	As a farmer himself , he was respected and liked by the farming community and its representatives .	farmer
male	3	But the young carpenter with his throat cut was able to drag himself to the village to alert them and describe his killers .	carpenter
male	12	In 342 , he was mentioned as one of the dukes whose guard corps was reduced by his brother Shi Xuan ( 石宣 ) the crown prince , whose target was however actually Shi Tao ( 石韜 ) the Duke of Qin .	guard
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	12	He states in rage at one point that he would kill the chief should he cause more inconvenience .	chief
male	6	Despite his initial anger , the designer , Walter Allward , sees amazing carving skills within Klara , and how the portrait of the young man 's face increases the much desired allegory for those youthful men who were lost in the war .	designer
male	0	Farmer recorded more than 50 albums under his own name , a dozen with the Jazztet , and dozens more with other leaders .	farmer
male	5	Internationally acclaimed Ghanaian - British designer Ozwald Boateng introduced African print suits in his 2012 collection .	designer
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	19	"Following his brace in the "" Superclásico "" derby against Boca Juniors on 8 October 2006 , River Plate manager Daniel Passarella declared that Higuaín had an "" enormous future "" and was "" destined for superstardom "" ."	manager
male	14	To uplift the morale and spirit of the students and victims of school the chief of Army Staff General Raheel Sharif himself attended the morning assembly of the school and confirmed them that no such incident will ever occur in Pakistan again they will break the backbone of Taliban .	chief
male	4	He was a popular chief , and it was during his tenure that the fort at Shergarh was constructed , along with Dogah and Shahkot Forts .	chief
male	6	Meanwhile , Barisan Nasional 's Penang chief , Teng Chang Yeow , announced his retirement from politics in the aftermath of the coalition 's rout in the hands of the PH .	chief
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	Initially a farmer , in his later years he also worked as a blacksmith , work he performed in the shop building .	farmer
male	10	Blackie on many occasions has played very cleverly , his chief failing his inclination become lackadaisical .	chief
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	7	At the first sign of disobedience the chief voices his sentiment where a woman is concerned .	chief
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	11	They are not laws , but standards by which a resident physician may determine the propriety of his conduct in his relationship with patients , with colleagues , with members of allied professions , and with the public .	physician
male	17	Having been a regular there for his research , he sets up an appointment , his cab driver told to wait outside .	driver
male	1	The designer Romeo Gigli used me as his muse , and designed an entire collection on me .	designer
male	11	Harry discovers that Sid has been hiding Noel , but his guard drops due to his emphysema , allowing Sid to disarm him and reveal himself to be the gang 's real leader .	guard
male	9	During his unsuccessful primary campaign , Jones ' campaign manager drew criticism for spamming ( sending bulk emails to ) potential voters and others around the world .	manager
male	10	He was found dead the next morning , and the physician summoned to his room found the cause to be apoplexy ( a stroke ) .	physician
male	14	Dublin from Edinburgh , where he qualified as an MD , he was appointed physician to the hospital , which had only six medical beds at the time .	physician
male	11	His father , Elias , had been a self - taught lawyer and inventor ; his mother , Mina , a governess to a minor Austrian Royal .	lawyer
male	1	"Polish chief of state Józef Piłsudski ordered his subordinate , General Lucjan Żeligowski , to stage a mutiny with his 1st Lithuanian – Belarusian Division ( 16 battalions with 14,000 soldiers ) in Lida and capture Vilnius in "" fait accompli "" ."	chief
male	8	It generally goes through three stages and the physician should involve himself at the first stage , which is usually concerned with hunger .	physician
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	2	Suburban train driver performs his job usually in standing posture .	driver
male	4	After his debut , Manager Mark Yates praised Eastham and Phil Walsh .	manager
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	23	"As the training lasted many months , Manuel became "" nervous , high strung , and afraid of going insane "" but the chief and his small group of elder women assuaged his fears ."	chief
male	2	Bull 's lawyer is the one who really enjoys the suit , and he is Humphrey Hocus ( Marlborough ) .	lawyer
male	10	At the conclusion of the 2015–16 season , Coyotes general manager Don Maloney was terminated from his position after eight seasons and one General Manager of the Year award .	manager
male	1	"The chief was still licking his wounds and viewed the Executive Mansion in Albany as a consolation prize . """	chief
male	22	In addition to his labors as a pastor and church organizer , Marpeck made other important contributions to the Anabaptists , the chief of which flowed from his pen .	chief
male	3	"Then the Indian chief extended his hand , and greeted him in Lakota saying "" How . """	chief
male	5	All - American , though guard Clinton Black was selected as a first - team player by New York sports writer Monty on his 1915 College Football	guard
male	1	Senior guard Dodie Dodson broke two bones in his forearm in Bradley 's home opener against Idaho State .	guard
male	27	"Hess 's entry on the Encyclopedia of Alabama 's website says of his name : "" His parents did not officially name him , so the attending physician entered his name as ' Man Child ' Hess in official documents . """	physician
male	31	Being important parameters of crop growth the precise measurements of available nitrogen ( N ) , phosphorus ( P ) and potassium ( K ) on site not only help the farmer to control his budget but also helps to keep the environmental pollution under control .	farmer
male	4	The metapsychology of French analyst Piera Aulagnier was particularly useful to the analyst in conceptualizing the patient 's experience an understanding his reactions to interventions .	analyst
male	12	Once back in Britain , income from Sloane ’s career as a physician and his London property investments , coupled with Elizabeth 's inheritance , enabled Sloane to build his substantial collection of natural history artifacts in the following decades .	physician
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	4	In 1901 the Russian physician V.V. Veresajev published his book Zapiski vratsja ( A doctor 's notes ) .	physician
male	1	A manager who in 2004 was jabbed in his back during the acupuncture treatment and subsequently was tested positive for the HIV virus set the medical investigation into motion .	manager
male	4	His father was a farmer and his mother a pottery maker .  	farmer
male	9	This new professorship is in honor of the wonderful physician who has dedicated his life to the field of cardiovascular disease and stroke , while epitomizing excellence in research , teaching , and patient care .	physician
male	17	The couple rented the daylight basement apartment for $ 60 a month to a dry goods store manager and his family .	manager
male	12	"In his book , "" Craft of Gardens "" , the garden designer Ji Cheng wrote : "" The spirit and the charm of mountains and forests must be studied in depth ; ... only the knowledge of the real permits the creation of the artificial , so that the work created possesses the spirit of the real , in part because of divine inspiration , but especially because of human effort ."	designer
male	4	The 18-year - old driver made his debut with the Ford supported GEVA Racing team .	driver
male	29	The early 20th - century clan historian R.C. MacLeod speculated that perhaps Leod and five of his successors were buried beneath — however , in his opinion the fourth chief , Iain Ciar , was buried elsewhere .	chief
male	5	Thanks , I guess my lawyer was sorta wrong when he told me that a picture of a copyrighted building was protected , even if it was taken in a public place .	lawyer
male	1	Fashion designer Jasper Conran is his son with his second wife , writer Shirley Conran .	designer
male	16	Even though he got his first car since the late 1960s , he always has a driver at hand .	driver
male	15	Champion of Switzerland in 1985 , he participates in the World Sportscar Championship as a driver and with his own team from 1977 to 1979 and from 1988 to 1991 .  	driver
male	17	After the trial , Lee was praised by all the Singaporeans as a diligent , trustworthy socialist lawyer who devoted himself into the national liberation endeavour against colonialism ( 59 ) .	lawyer
male	11	On learning Broomfield ' s middle name was Eugene , his manager insisted that he go by that name professionally ; the last name was inspired by Broomfield seeing an advertisement for a New York club named Wildflower ' s .	manager
male	17	He was the nephew of François Jullienne , who retired from business in 1729 and made Jean manager of the tapestry factory François had set up with his brother in law Jean Glucq near the Manufacture Royale des Gobelins .	manager
male	10	Due to his good performance for Doncaster Rovers , Assistant manager Richard O'Kelly says the club keen to sign him permanently but however O'Kelly says it is ' too early ' to discuss a permanent deal .	manager
male	5	At one moment , the analyst regards his subject - matter as an objective phenomenon , but this phase alternates with another in which the analyst comes to view himself as actively involved in the phenomenon which he investigates .	analyst
male	10	In each case this trias should be considered by the physician in charge and he must evaluate limitations and circumstances .	physician
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	4	Michael Schwartz , a lawyer deaf since birth , describes his journey as a professional for the last 32 years since his graduation from NYU School of Law in 1981 .	lawyer
male	9	Reiner Solenander ( 1524 - 1601 ) was a physician born in the Duchy of Cleves , who got his education at the University of Leuven and at various universities in Italy and in France .	physician
male	10	On his retirement , Derek Kerr the bridge 's construction manager was presented with the painting .	manager
male	1	A farmer in Maryland reported that only about a quarter of his previous H-2A crew returned to work on his farm in Maryland in March 2020 .	farmer
male	1	Marlins manager Jack McKeon called Burnett into his office and broke the news .	manager
male	4	Thinking quickly , the guard tells him he can not leave the dinghy tied up where it is .	guard
male	1	The chief of the indwelling Cherokee tribe tried to protect the mountain , and when he grew old , he passed on the responsibility to his daughter and her husband .	chief
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	1	The manager takes his anger out on Rocca and his men by blacklisting them from ever appearing in an arena again .	manager
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	29	In the 1999 - 2000 season , Bury had a disappointing campaign after relegation from the second tier of English football the previous season which at one stage saw manager Warnock resigning from his role on 2 December to take over as Sheffield United manager .	manager
male	3	Just as the driver reached the point of no return he accelerated , and crashed through the barricade , a blast of machine - gun fire ripped across the back of the vehicle .	driver
male	6	Banks ' father was an optical mechanic and his mother a cleaner .	mechanic
male	5	Police said that a taxi driver used his mobile radio to raise an alarm , and two girls in a nearby car tried to assist .	driver
male	8	After proving himself as a stuntman , unit manager Kessler ( Alan Arkin ) offers him a speaking role .	manager
male	4	For his performances , guard Bogdan Bogdanović was selected to the FIBA Basketball World Cup	guard
male	1	The driver and his accomplices were stopped and it is now being investigated whether the outburst was connected to the Embassy attack .	driver
male	10	On 21 November 2019 the New York Federal Court found lawyer Mark Scott guilty of money laundering and bank fraud for his role in routing US$ 400 m out of the US .	lawyer
male	1	"Costume designer William Ware Theiss began working on new designs for the Starfleet uniforms , some based on his creations for "" The Original Series "" , others being a radical departure ."	designer
male	7	His father , George , was a carpenter and his mother , Theano , worked as a maid .	carpenter
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	10	The case went badly , however , Fabian ' s lawyer lied that he had acted because of a mental condition .	lawyer
male	16	He was born in Lac des Deux - Montagnes near Oka , the son of a carpenter and his wife .	carpenter
male	6	"With Erik dangling helplessly , the chief of police tells his men not to shoot because they "" can take him alive !"	chief
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson .  "	editor
male	36	Concepts such as catastrophe and catastrophic change can illuminate the subjective experience of PTSD patients , the beta screen concept sheds light on dissociative phenomena , and , as shown in a clinical vignette , the analyst can use his alpha function to transform the patient 's fragmented raw material into alpha elements .	analyst
male	21	Minutes later , two of Cook ' s men attack them in the motel room , killing Blanche and injuring the Driver before he manages to kill them both .	driver
male	3	"The game 's designer , Phil Fish , became renowned in a way unusual for game developers due to his prominence in "" "" , which released in 2012 ."	designer
male	7	The series chronicles Stone 's cases as chief of the Paradise Police Department , as well as his struggles with alcohol and his complicated relationship with his ex - wife Jenn .	chief
male	9	On 2 July 2015 , Flitcroft stepped down as manager and his assistant Matt Jansen was put in charge .	manager
male	17	The hut opposite of the entrance was the home of either the chief 's mother or the chief himself .	chief
male	5	In 2005 , Levski new manager Stanimir Stoilov announced that he is going to rely more on youngsters from the club and brought Koprivarov back to the club .	manager
male	3	Therefore , the farmer has reduced his risks to fluctuations in the market of wheat because he has already guaranteed a certain number of bushels for a certain price .	farmer
male	17	The Nationals opened the month of August by summarily designating reliever Shawn Kelley for assignment , which manager Dave Martinez and general manager Mike Rizzo directly attributed to his outburst during the previous game on July 31 , in which he appeared to glare toward the team dugout after throwing his glove .	manager
male	5	The 1971 race saw Swiss driver Jo Siffert dominate in his BRM and Briton Jackie Stewart took his second Drivers ' Championship .	driver
male	2	The Bernburg physician and pharmaceutist Bucholz became there for many years his consultee for questions of natural sciences ; Gren , who also came from Bernburg , became the antipode in the dispute about problems of optics .	physician
male	5	A period as a junior lawyer followed and later he received his doctorate of law .	lawyer
male	17	He was able to catch Duval and attempted to pass him around the outside but the French driver defended his position at the first turn .	driver
male	85	G. Fahron , H. Lufft , A. KrUger , C. Th(Jrk , F. Bertschat , F. Martens Dept , of Nephrology add Medical Intensive Care , Virchow-Klinikum , Humboldt-Universit ~ t , D-13353 Bedin , Germany Obiective : The success rate of prehospital resuscitation in patients with cardiocirculatory arrest in an Emergency Medical System ( EMS ) may reach 30 -40 % depending on the time of calling the EMS , the distance to cover by the emergency ambulance and the training of the emergency physician and his staff .	physician
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	2	Billionaire industrial designer , and founder of the Dyson company , James Dyson has pledged his support for the project .	designer
male	9	On 8 September 2004 , Savvis ' Operations Security Manager , Alif Terranson , left his position and went public with internal Savvis documents , releasing them to media outlets including the BBC , the Register , and others .	manager
male	25	As the two races take place on opposite sides of the Atlantic Ocean and form part of different championships , it is difficult for one driver to compete effectively in both during his career .	driver
male	1	The driver controls them with a foot lever to his right at the side of his footboard .	driver
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	1	Their manager , Otto Knefler , remembered the young goalkeeper during his spell at Fortuna Düsseldorf and took him to Düsseldorf then .	manager
male	7	At least one participant , a senior manager of the knowledge services department , did not attend all meetings because he was located in a different part of the country , but importantly , was due to transfer to this establishment within a few months .	manager
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	15	Emerald was abandoned by the time of the French colonial period , and the hereditary chief of the Natchez had his capital at the nearby Grand Village Site .	chief
male	10	Realising that the train was out of control , the driver and his fireman jumped from the footplate .	driver
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	28	The officials have also detained the escort agency chief 's family members under the pretext of offering them protection , so as to ensure that the escort agency chief does not keep the blades for himself .	chief
male	3	Nevertheless , Philadelphia manager Eddie Joost was particularly impressed by Jacobs ' fielding and his hit - and - run capability .	manager
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	6	At Yeung 's estate , his lawyer tells him Ting will find out that Yeung was the mastermind behind this and he would testify against him .	lawyer
male	3	The freight train driver slowed his train but was not able to prevent it running into the derailed passenger train , which was consequently pushed back about into the tunnel .	driver
male	21	"Philip Anthony Treacy ( born 26 May 1967 ) is an Irish award - winning haute couture milliner , or hat designer , who has been mostly based in London for his career , and who was described by "" Vogue "" magazine as "" perhaps the greatest living milliner "" ."	designer
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	0	"Physician and former U.S. Air Force flight surgeon Harriet Hall has criticized Chopra for his promotion of Ayurveda , stating that "" it can be dangerous "" , referring to studies showing that 64 % of Ayurvedic remedies sold in India are contaminated with significant amounts of heavy metals like mercury , arsenic , and cadmium and a 2015 study of users in the United States who found elevated blood lead levels in 40 % of those tested . """	physician
male	8	In the mid 14th century , the last chief of Clan MacInnes was killed , along with his sons , by order of John of Islay , Lord of the Isles .	chief
male	1	Shooting guard Daequan Cook sustained a mild MCL sprain in his right knee against the Utah Jazz on March 20 , sidelining him for an estimated 2–3 weeks .	guard
male	6	"In the Fall of 2013 , Driver released his official memoir , "" Driven "" , which included many personal stories about both his childhood and career with the Packers that he had never shared before and it made the New York Best Seller list ."	driver
male	1	"The physician Justo Igor de León Loyola wrote in his book , "" La Noche de Santo Tomás "" ( Saint Thomas ' night ) : "" Today I have seen bloodier fights , unequal battles : Both sides are armed ... but what a difference in the weapons , .22 caliber handguns against M-1 military rifles , bazookas against Molotov cocktails . """	physician
male	10	[ Psychological characteristics of the personality of the sanitary service physician and his job satisfaction ] .	physician
male	6	On the test request , the physician reported which antibiotic treatment he would prescribe if a microscopic examination was not available .	physician
male	14	"Stayrook , who hails from San Diego , California , is an ex - carpenter , and earned the nickname "" The Rock "" because of his sturdy build and solid position at the foul - line ."	carpenter
male	36	During the first years of the SECR , express passenger services were well served by Wainwright ' s ' D ' and ' E ' 4-4-0 classes but loads continued to increase and by 1912 the designer realised that he would soon need more powerful locomotives .	designer
male	10	Despite that , he insisted on continuing playing ( his manager substituted him despite his protests ) .	manager
male	6	Whilst hitch - hiking , the driver who picked him up happened to his guitar , and dropped him at a house occupied by five other musicians .	driver
male	10	Some represent real advances in therapy ; others enable the physician to vary his therapeutic regimen .	physician
male	1	Their chief , Malik Akor Khan first established himself at Karbogha , a village of Tall Tehsil , Hangu District , north - west of Teri .	chief
male	35	"After playing with a handful of bands in high school , including a Nirvana and Jane 's Addiction cover band , and a gothic - progressive - metal band called "" Celestial Providence , "" Driver formed maudlin of the Well with his friends"	driver
male	1	One driver Mike Wilds won the 2008 Britcar Production Cup with his son Anthony in a BMW M3 .	driver
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	10	Several commercial laboratories provided this service , sending to the farmer and his veterinarian a print-out of values for a large number of blood components , at the same time showing the accepted normal limits for each .	farmer
male	5	Macdonald 's training as a designer and his interest in children 's paintings encouraged his experimentation with abstract art .	designer
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The manager is absent from his work and spends his days waiting in the park , which is opposite the school of his daughter .	manager
male	1	The lawyer was very sad and he told him that Lakshmi really loves him .	lawyer
male	6	In October 1985 , Scotland caretaker manager Alex Ferguson named Goram in his squad for a friendly match against East Germany at Hampden Park .	manager
male	6	His father worked as a bus driver and his mother worked at Sears as a clerk .	driver
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	25	Just as Wilson , Gray , and Lonnie meet up to transfer the film , Long gets out of the car and makes a security guard named Symes drop his gun .	guard
male	1	A cook by trade , in 2019 , he will make his television debut in the 2019 PDC World Cup of Darts , partnering Andrea Micheletti .	cook
male	1	The farmer could then trust his son with ' the chequebook , ' and the energetic young man would spend the winter on the hill - tops improving the land .	farmer
male	3	However , the manager left his post to work with a club , and the player did not receive any call - ups .	manager
male	1	The driver shut off steam but evidently continued coasting , and following the Dumfries train closely , he saw the platelayer 's warning too late , and collided with the Dumfries train .	driver
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	1	The physician must carefully weigh what he can and must demand of the patient , depending on the personal situation .	physician
male	1	A physician may find himself in front of a criminal court in the context of a number of situations : as a spectator , a witness , the accused , the victim , or as an expert witness .	physician
male	17	Overall , Antanas Juknevicius has participated in the Dakar Rally 11 times , 7 times as a driver and his first 3 rallies as a co - driver .	driver
male	9	The rest of the story show on handling this chief and his organization by the CBI .	chief
male	2	His former manager , Bryan Robson , admitted that he did not want to sell Bromby , but he had wanted regular football and Watford 's offer had been reasonable .	manager
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	3	However , another guard , Peter Ermakov , told his wife that Anastasia had been finished off with bayonets .	guard
male	4	Mathias , a race driver himself , and Lukas , who acted as Mathias 's manager .	driver
male	20	Despite the circus manager 's assurances Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage until the circus manager repays his debt .	manager
male	9	After his brief period in Cyprus , the point guard returned to Spain again and signed for Aguas de Sousas Ourense in the LEB Oro , for the remainder of the 2010–11 season .	guard
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	1	"Yankees manager Joe Torre had emphasized to his pitchers , "" Do not let Ichiro beat you ."	manager
male	4	"The ice cream truck driver identifies himself as Chloe 's maternal grandfather Alan , who believes his daughter is still alive , and Chloe realizes that the "" ghost "" in her closet is actually Mary being held captive at Madoc Mountain ."	driver
male	3	The first resident physician of Miami , Dr. James M. Jackson , had his office and surgery in this building .	physician
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	7	Francesco Laparelli was the city 's principal designer and his plan departed from medieval Maltese architecture , which exhibited irregular winding streets and alleys .	designer
male	4	In response the Macnab chief sent his twelve sons to attack the Neishes on their island stronghold .	chief
male	4	Brittman was a point guard , and it was his small stature that ultimately cost him a chance to play in the NBA despite high acclaim from his coaches , NBA scouts and other NBA players .	guard
male	6	In his official report , Police chief Octavio A. Pinero from the 9th Police Station , claims there were 141 killed in the uprisings and 521 wounded .	chief
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	4	He honored the fallen driver as he idled down the track .	driver
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	3	The train 's guard fell from his guard van and was injured .	guard
male	10	His father , Eldridge Gonaway was an attorney and city developer and his Mother , Lois ( née Warrior ) is a retired registered nurse .	developer
male	33	"Hitherto , in starting from any station , a person was obliged to stand at the heads of the horses — they being with a few exceptions ' wild ones — until the driver was seated on his box , the reins gathered and everything in readiness , when he would give the signal , "" turn 'em loose , "" or "" let 'em go , "" and they would go upon a run ."	driver
male	2	"Current Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp labelled Buvač as "" the brain "" in his coaching team , while describing himself as "" the heart "" and the second assistant coach , Peter Krawietz , as "" the eye "" ."	manager
male	25	Urtubey was born in Salta City on September 6 , 1969 , the eight of ten brothers , being his father , Rodolfo Urtubey a lawyer and his mother a notary .	lawyer
male	3	was an Italian lawyer and judge , noted for his harsh sentencing .	lawyer
male	1	A lawyer by profession , Panachooran lives on the income from his lyrical and poetic work .	lawyer
male	4	Every year , the designer takes his guests into a surreal world .	designer
male	6	During his trial , Wilson 's lawyer contended that Wilson suffers from bipolar disorder .	lawyer
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	6	In June 2011 , the IAEA chief said he had `` broad support for his plan to strengthen international safety checks on nuclear power plants to help avoid any repeat of Japan ' s Fukushima crisis '' .	chief
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	1	The physician recalled that he had not tried the mask on or confirmed that it was air-tight before entering the isolation room .	physician
male	1	"Uruguayan driver Guillermo Viera driving his Daihatsu Charade G10 with his brother Agustín Viera as copilot , had competed several times in the "" 19 Capitals Historic Rally "" of Uruguay ."	driver
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	9	In November 2013 , U2 's long - time manager Paul McGuinness stepped down from his post as part of a deal with Live Nation to acquire his management firm , Principle Management .	manager
male	15	While sources vary on the timing , at one point in his life a dishonest lawyer caused him to lose his fortune but he was able to recover and become successful again .	lawyer
male	11	For example , this is the case when a large active manager sells his position in a company , leading to ( possibly ) a decline in the stock price , but more importantly a loss of confidence by the markets in the management of the company , thus precipitating changes in the management team .	manager
male	16	"Actor and object are the same person in self - directed actions such as "" the lawyer praised himself "" or various kinds of self - harm ."	lawyer
male	3	As the lead designer in the firm Bebb and Gould , with his partner , Charles H. Bebb , Gould was responsible for many notable Pacific Northwest buildings , such as the original Seattle Art Museum and for the campus plan of the University of Washington .	designer
male	30	During the race , viewers had the option of the live official telecast audio , the separate broadcast dedicated to the driver , and in - car communications between the driver and his team .	driver
male	11	Qasim Amin , a French - educated upper - middle class lawyer was deemed one of the first feminists due to his rejection of the veil as oppressive — an opinion grounded largely in Baring 's original argument .	lawyer
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	6	Despite his limited appearances , Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger had stated he had a future at Arsenal , despite being kept out of the side at the time by the form of Thierry Henry and Dennis Bergkamp .	manager
male	3	West Ham 's manager Alan Curbishley , was furious initially accusing Jacobson of conducting himself maliciously , however this was dismissed with a written apology to Jacobson when Curbishley saw the tackle again .  	manager
male	3	"An interviewed bus driver expressed his concern that the electric cars "" can create a vicious circle - tired of being stuck in traffic , bus users could be tempted to buy an electric car themselves , worsening the congestion problem . """	driver
male	4	A n infectious disease physician in Milan described his work caring for patients with the novel coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) :	physician
male	11	"Treves was from a medical family ; his father was a physician and his great uncle was Frederick Treves , the surgeon who became famous for discovering Joseph Merrick , the "" Elephant Man "" ."	physician
male	8	On the evening of his death , a guard checked on him at 11 p.m. and he was fine , but a few minutes later other inmates reported hearing sounds coming from his cell .	guard
male	1	Venturi driver Edoardo Mortara had a Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters commitment for Mercedes - Benz at the Circuit Zandvoort due to his championship position of second in that series .	driver
male	11	"His big break came in 1925 , when the actor - manager Tom Walls bought the performing rights to his play "" A Cuckoo in the Nest "" , which ran for more than a year at the Aldwych ."	manager
male	6	Thirty - seven seconds after the chief announced his arrival , the propane tank detonated .	chief
male	1	Fashion designer Paul Poiret played himself .	designer
male	18	During the Summer of 2009 , Khalatbari had a trial at FC K o ln , however the manager -LRB- Zvonimir Soldo -RRB- stated that Khalatbari was `` lacking physical strength '' and that `` he might be a problem in Germany '' , .	manager
male	4	Head coach and general manager Jim Hulton was relieved of his duties in the 2015 offseason and replaced by Bill Muckalt .	manager
male	21	The driver hit members of the public lining the street leaving twenty - two injured and eight dead , including the driver himself , who died the following day .	driver
male	4	In May 2009 local developer George Altamura spoke about his interest in purchasing the property .	developer
male	1	A lawyer with more than twenty years of experience defending dentists in malpractice situations reflects on the attitudes he typically sees in dentist defendants .	lawyer
male	35	At the age of twenty and with no formal qualifications , Frederick William Lanchester so impressed the owner of the Forward Gas Engine Company of Birmingham that he was offered the position of assistant works manager at their factory near Bloomsbury Street where he made various improvements to the equipment produced by this company .	manager
male	1	The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail .	manager
male	1	Their lawyer withdrew his services .	lawyer
male	7	On 18 July , first - team manager Antonio Conte was rewarded for his successful first season at Chelsea with a new two - year contract , serving to replace the previous contract and offer improved terms to the Italian .	manager
male	4	After death , the physician is bound to confidentiality and if necessary should invoke his right to remain silent .	physician
male	9	However , the same source officially states that the chief of Habaek tribe gave his daughter to Jumong , who had fled Eastern Buyeo with his followers , in marriage .	chief
male	9	One year later he was dead , the asylum physician conclude he had died of paresis .	physician
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	13	For those occasions , Rattenhuber would be in overall command and the FBK chief would act as his deputy .	chief
male	7	After the sacking of Hughes , new manager Harry Redknapp replaced Julio César with Green at half time during his first match in charge , against Sunderland on 27 November 2012 .	manager
male	11	During his trial at Oxford Crown Court , Neilson 's defence lawyer Gilbert Gray QC contended that Whittle had accidentally fallen from the ledge and died as a result .	lawyer
male	16	He was eventually subdued , handcuffed , and taken to the hospital , where the evaluating physician noted that he appeared to be `` under a great nervous strain '' and showing `` symptoms of a paranoiac .	physician
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	12	In conclusion , the author states that it is not just the physician who must redefine himself in the new world of medicine .	physician
male	1	The physician recorded his opinion of the strength of 14 factors influencing his decisions and also of total admission pressure .	physician
male	2	Former Rangers manager , Walter Smith , took the position in August 1998 , but he failed to transfer the success he had achieved in Scotland .	manager
male	10	He asked for prayers of the Society for Tarsha the chief and Suzanne his sister at Oneida , both of whom had acted as hosts to Millet during his captivity .	chief
male	33	In November 2013 , there was another incident involving an American broadcast professional whom after obtaining a business license from the UAE government , started an Internet music station but his ex Emirati manager used his status and connections to not only block the American website and stream , but to submit a false report to the authorities , have the American citizen arrested , jailed for 10 days , and have his passport taken away for 10 months without ever charging him .	manager
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	12	Towards the end of the 1999 - 00 season , Norwich City manager Bryan Hamilton paid £ 225,000 for his services .	manager
male	19	The brothers manage to escape their transport van , as Lincoln 's shackles are left unlocked , and a guard ( Kelly O'Neil Jackson ) , Kellerman 's alleged contact in the Illinois DOC , suspiciously leaves his keys behind .	guard
male	13	He then goes to Switzerland for the Christmas holidays where an attractive bar manager , Holly Sykes , catches his eye , and he tries to win her over with some small degree of success .	manager
male	5	In this session , the designer Charles - Nicolas Cochin was also admitted for his design of that print .	designer
male	16	Later he turned his attention to the chemistry and manufacture of paraffin , and was appointed manager of the Leeswood Oil Company in 1863 , when he left Birmingham for Caergwrle , Flintshire .	manager
male	7	Offered a one - year deal , manager Carlton Palmer was confident of his signature .	manager
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	7	On April 15 , 2013 , general manager Steve Tambellini was relieved of his position , and the Oilers named MacTavish as the new general manager .	manager
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	1	"Greek physician Hippocrates around 400 BC commented on it in his "" Aphorisms "" , noting its absence in eunuchs and premenopausal women ."	physician
male	20	"In its affirmance , the court noted that "" fairminded jurists could disagree "" as to whether Hunt 's trial lawyer was ineffective in his defense of Hunt , but cited the Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act of 1996 's "" doubly deferential lens "" in its refusal to overturn the Central District 's decision ."	lawyer
male	7	When the signal was given , the driver found he could not release the brake on the locomotive due to a ruptured steam pipe .	driver
male	12	O'Hegarty 's long connections with the revolutionary period , and the old guard , sealed his career in 1932 when a new constitution devised by De Valera had him removed from office .	guard
male	0	"Manager Delio Rossi also likened him to compatriots Fabrizio Miccoli –   "" for his turn of pace and cleverness "" – and Gianfranco Zola in 2012 ."	manager
male	19	The story is set in a corrupt Sydney law firm and follows the protagonist , Hugh Walker , a lawyer who always hoped he would be a defender of the poor and oppressed , until a Sydney law firm dangled an office with a harbour view in front of him .	lawyer
male	1	The chief of administration had doubted whether he should recommend construction .	chief
male	16	Divided into two books and written as a series of questions and answers between a learned lawyer and his pupil , the treatise first looks at the constitution of the Exchequer , analysing the Upper and Lower Exchequers individually and giving descriptions of their officers and jurisdiction .	lawyer
male	5	In May 2008 , new manager Giovanni Trapattoni selected McPhail for his first squad for the friendly games against Serbia and Colombia .	manager
male	4	"In 2010 , the designer presented his forth collection , "" Slave "" , as a part of Fashion East Menswear Installation ."	designer
male	9	They discussed it with her , but after her manager / husband Martin Melcher would not budge on his demand for a high salary for her , the role went to Mitzi Gaynor .	manager
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	23	In the bottom image the novice is busy estimating the distance between the left wall and the parked car , while the experienced driver can use his peripheral vision for that and still concentrate his view on the dangerous point of the curve : If a car appears there , he has to give way , i. e. stop to the right instead of passing the parked car .	driver
male	33	"In the 1968 film "" Otley "" , one of the Central line platforms at Notting Hill Gate ( or a station pretending to be it ) is where the assassin and coach driver Johnston , played by Leonard Rossiter , blows himself up opening a booby - trapped suitcase full of money ."	driver
male	16	They were armed with guns , and one of them raised his weapon and told the driver of the hearse if he dared to enter the sacred grounds he would be shot on the spot .	driver
male	11	"Michael McDonald ( born c. 1963 ) is an American costume designer who was nominated for both a Tony Award and a Drama Desk Award in 2009 for his work on the Broadway revival of the musical "" Hair "" ."	designer
male	2	An Italian lawyer who suffered from tic douloureux wrote an autopathography of his disease documenting a 2-decade history of essential trigeminal neuralgia .	lawyer
male	3	P.E. Kuznetsov , chief of intelligence of 10th Rifle Corps , was tasked by his superiors to find usable fords across the shallow sea .	chief
male	3	The team 's manager is Bjarne Riis , in his twelfth season with the team .	manager
male	21	Alice Petherick was born in St. Austell , on 2 March 1865 , the daughter of George Petherick , a bank manager and his wife , Emily ( born Barratt ) .	manager
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	1	"Rival manager Rocky Bridges nicknamed him "" Superjew "" for his efforts that season ."	manager
male	1	"Theatrical manager and actor Lester Wallack wrote in his memoirs that Medina "" was one of the most brilliant women I have ever met . """	manager
male	2	Belcher 's manager , Malki Kawa , in April updated his recovery , saying that Belcher was back in training and looking forward to a return to the Octagon in September .	manager
male	5	"An unarmed & brave police chief - Rajendra Chaturvedi the SP of Bhind District in MP negotiated the entire surrender process over months & he finally convinced her to surrender & over several meetings negotiated her surrender process at a "" rendezvous "" in the Chambal ravines ."	chief
male	20	The Dubai Police Force operates under a general commander and his deputy , who in turn work under the police chief and his own deputy .	chief
male	14	Charles Ledger ( 4 March 1818 – 19 May 1905 ) was an alpaca farmer noted for his work in connection with quinine , a treatment for malaria .	farmer
male	5	Via his Twitter account , developer Trent Oster revealed that the studio would not be making an Xbox 360 version for either remaster , because the controller was not a good fit for the Infinity Engine .	developer
male	6	In that year a young German lawyer and his dashing American friend decided to climb this mountain from its very base where the big shoulder on its west side sticks out .	lawyer
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	2	New Browns manager and former catcher , Bill Killefer , made Ferrell his starting catcher for the next three seasons , and he would catch in more than 100   games in each .	manager
male	1	The designer of the game , Kevin Wilson , claims that he can win equally well no matter which team he is playing .	designer
male	7	Among the deceased rebels was the local chief of Rasas , Sheikh Salman Hamza as well as his four sons .	chief
male	2	"The head designer discussed his casting : "" It seemed like a great idea to me , as casting through Instagram seemed cool , current and strong ."	designer
male	18	In many places may be seen the Hay family arms including the three cattle yokes which recall a farmer and his two sons who were instrumental in the defeat of a Danish raiding party at Cruden Bay .	farmer
male	1	The driver was then ejected from his vehicle and was found along a densely wooded part of the island , the driver was pronounced dead at near by Firelands Medical Center and two young women were also treated and released .	driver
male	10	On 4 January 2011 , Walsall announced the departure of Manager , Chris Hutchings and his Assistant , Martin O'Connor .	manager
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	5	In analytic work , the analyst uses his theory in mainly two ways .	analyst
male	1	The lawyer may also avoid using slang , and instead use complicated law terminology to set himself apart from the courtroom and define his status ( Olsson , Luchjenborers , 2013 ) .	lawyer
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	11	Craig Lowndes won his fifth Sandown 500 , while co - driver Warren Luff broke through for his first victory in V8 Supercars , with the duo taking their Triple Eight Race Engineering Holden Commodore to the win over the Ford Performance Racing pair of Mark Winterbottom and Steven Richards .	driver
male	1	"Her lawyer went on to say , "" You could not talk to Judge De Castro , he was not capable of any reason , with an inflexibility towards the law . ""   "	lawyer
male	6	In Fiume , the Italian police chief , Giovanni Palatucci and his uncle , Bishop Giuseppe Palatucci saved 5000 Jews from deportation by providing documentation allowing them to pass to the safety of the bishop 's diocese in the south .	chief
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	1	The driver drove into the crossing despite warnings and as the gates went down , he stopped the truck on the tracks .	driver
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	1	The physician continued his patient assessment utilizing the InTouch Provider ® Freestanding Smart Tablet Workstation and InTouch Provider ® software ( InTouch Health , Goleta , CA , USA ) .	physician
male	23	"He has appeared in all three series of "" The Maltby Collection "" on Radio 4 as Des Wainwright , an eccentric security guard who keeps repeating himself and reminding people he was in the SAS ."	guard
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	12	"In his "" College Football Preview "" in March 2014 , football analyst Phil Steele pointed out that , according to the NCAA method , Tennessee 's 2014 schedule would be the nation 's third toughest , behind the schedules of Arkansas and Virginia ."	analyst
male	2	The first manager of the Café de Colombia team was José Raúl Meza Orozco but he joined Postóbon .	manager
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	17	"On Fletch , a columinst from "" What 's on TV "" commented , "" As ward manager of Holby 's AAU , Adrian ' Fletch ' Fletcher is dedicated to his job , running a tight ship at work while raising four kids as a single dad . """	manager
male	11	While his companions suffered relatively minor injuries , Brière , the driver , was ejected from his orange 1970 Mercury Cougar along Route 117 near Val - d'Or , 70 miles from his hometown of Malartic .	driver
male	1	The guard does admit that he was wrong , but he does not apologize .	guard
male	15	In 1843 , the first doctor arrived in Dallas ; in 1845 , the first lawyer made his home there .	lawyer
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	9	Frank ( Justin Long ) , a crooked insurance lawyer goes out with his co - worker , Jeff ( Donald Faison ) .	lawyer
male	4	Racing forward , the driver interposed his ACAV between the trucks and heavy fire coming from the banana grove on the right side of the road , but not before a recoilless rifle sent a second truck up in flames .	driver
male	22	"When the government temporarily nationalized the railroads during the war ( "" see "" United States Railroad Administration ) , a federal manager displaced him as operating head of the B&O , but he remained president in charge of its corporate affairs ."	manager
male	2	The fashion designer Alexander McQueen committed suicide by hanging himself at his flat in 7 Green Street in 2010 .	designer
male	1	The farmer on the North Eastern side of the site still uses the main East / West runway for his single prop aeroplane .	farmer
male	17	The court heard that , in 1988 while Jacobs was serving his sentence for affray , a guard had found rap lyrics in his cell , in Jacobs ' handwriting :	guard
male	2	The Charlton manager Alan Curbishley had invested around £ 1.7million in his squad , signing Clive Mendonca from Grimsby Town for £ 700,000 .	manager
male	10	Before the start of the season there was speculation that manager Micky Adams would be approached by his former employers at Championship side Leicester City , having impressed in his position at Port Vale .	manager
male	2	The Yadava chief Bala Rama saw many Gandharva settlements on the banks of Saraswati River , not far from Gandhara , during his pilgrimage over Saraswati river basin .	chief
male	2	"Fez "" designer and Polytron founder Phil Fish gained celebrity status for his outspoken public persona and his prominence in the 2012 documentary "" "" , which detailed "" Fez "" final stages of development and Polytron 's related legal issues ."	designer
male	13	On 3 April of the following year , already as a starter after manager Quique Sánchez Flores demoted Forlán from his position , Costa scored all of his team 's goals in a 3–2 win at Osasuna .	manager
male	2	Cardinals ' manager Red Schoendienst stayed with his normal three - starter rotation , selecting Ray Washburn , who had won Game 3 .	manager
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	1	The cook explains how he had saved Sun and Moon .	cook
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	9	In the Robinson interview , Benni Diez said his manager sent him Arresty 's script and he loved it .	manager
male	3	The commission 's chief , Richard Smith , assembled staff in his office for an emergency meeting at the FCC headquarters eight hours after the intrusion to discuss how the culprit should be caught .	chief
male	10	Thus,'(f)or these reasons , an administrator , clerk or uniformed guard never referred to himself as a perpetrator . '	guard
male	13	Given that his village was under the jurisdiction of Dormaa , the paramount chief summoned him to his court and as a subject and he had no choice but to obey the king .	chief
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	4	Once the home team manager hands his lineup card to the umpire shortly before the game is to begin , the umpiring crew chief has sole discretion to decide if a game should be delayed or canceled ( see Rule 3.10 and Rule 4.01 of the Official Rules ) .	manager
male	15	At the 1973 Dutch Grand Prix , upon witnessing a crash which left fellow British driver Roger Williamson trapped in his overturned and burning car , Purley abandoned his own race and attempted to save Williamson , who was participating in only his second Formula One race .	driver
male	20	At the ASCO Breast Cancer Symposium in San Francisco last year , the keynote speaker , Dr George Sledge , chief of oncology at Stanford University School of Medicine and a preeminent breast cancer researcher , gave his 5 predictions for the state of breast cancer care in 10 years .	chief
male	2	The current chief of police is William McManus , who is known , among other things , for his aggressive stance on those who insult police officers .	chief
male	1	Production designer Simon Bowles won an award from the British Film Designers Guild on 27 January 2013 for his production design on this film .	designer
male	3	Mao ' s physician believed he may have been unaware about the extent of the famine , partly due to a reluctance to criticize his policies and decisions and the willingness of his staff to exaggerate or outright fake reports regarding food production .	physician
male	2	The crew chief is so impressed with Wise that he offers to make him a partner in the business and put him in charge of a second crew but Wise declines so that he can focus on the gym .	chief
male	1	Their manager Stephen Kenny was returning from his exodus to Dunfermline Athletic .	manager
male	29	On April 5 , 2013 , a recording of the song by Ian Tyson was played during the funeral of former Alberta Premier Ralph Klein , as the honour guard brought his urn into the Jack Singer Concert Hall .	guard
male	12	A number of specific sources of information are useful to the practicing physician and his staff for maintaining equipment and for standardizing technique and procedure .	physician
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	One farmer in Kerhonkson found his fields under of water from Rondout Creek , enough for him to use personal watercraft on the resulting lake well into September .	farmer
male	15	When statistics are split in such a way they may reveal patterns that allow a manager to use -LRB- perhaps to platoon -RRB- a player strategically where he can be most effective .	manager
male	17	However , the critical moment of the race was on lap 112 when Kyle Busch 's crew chief , Richie Wauters brought his driver into the pits after a ten - minute rain delay on lap 111 .	chief
male	2	If the physician can not heal himself , perhaps he can learn to recognize the need for assistance .	physician
male	1	"A lawyer sometimes prepares for his own use what is called a "" trial brief "" for use at the trial ."	lawyer
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	18	The rule often comes into play in road accident cases , when a court must determine if a driver is negligent in causing a collision , due to his breach of the duty of care imposed by the rule on the unfavored driver .	driver
male	1	The designer , Draper Kauffman , had been trying to develop a `` global strategy game '' for many years when he received a copy of Illuminati .	designer
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	10	As Mourning and Mutombo began their college careers , senior guard Charles Smith closed his out with his best season .	guard
male	5	Thankappan , Sudhakaran Pillai 's driver stays with his mother Gauriyamma and daughter Mini .	driver
male	8	On his arrival at Ninian Park , Cardiff manager Bobby Gould switched Evans to a midfield role where he made all of his appearances for the side .	manager
male	9	At sea , Martim ends up dying and the farmer adopts his identity to restart his life .	farmer
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	18	"Mirror - imaging is one of Heuer 's favorite example of a cognitive trap , in which the analyst substitutes his own mindset for that of the target . """	analyst
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	2	A teenage driver making a quick left turn had collided with his motorcycle , killing him instantly .	driver
male	5	The screenplay concerns a stage manager who disguises himself as a duchess .	manager
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	1	The driver of the mail train claimed that he had seen a clear distant signal on approach to the station , and therefore had assumed that the home signals protecting the station were also clear ; however , testing of the signals after the accident confirmed that the distant had been correctly in the yellow `` Caution '' position .	driver
male	29	He became the governor of the military academy ( 1996–1997 ) and the operational assistant to the armed forces chief of staff ( 1997–1998 ) , before eventually becoming chief of staff himself between 1998 and 1999 .	chief
male	4	[ Relations of the physician and his patients in today 's medicine : background and perspectives ] .	physician
male	11	When high - flying 27-year - old Melbourne - based brand manager Ben ( Josh Lawson ) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers , he reunites with other former students , including international human rights lawyer Alexis ( Rachael Taylor ) , now working with the United Nations in Yemen , and Olympic archery medallist Jim ( Ed Kavalee ) .	manager
male	18	Lutsenko 's transfer to the facility No.91 he did not have a single confidential meeting with either his lawyer or his public attorney within the framework of criminal investigation .	lawyer
male	18	If John Martyn Harlow is known at all in the neurosciences , it is because he was the physician who attended Phineas Gage and followed up his case .	physician
male	2	an investment manager wrongfully took £ 20,440 from his clients , paid the last two out of five installments on a life insurance policy , and committed suicide .	manager
male	21	He was born near Portlaw , County Waterford , Ireland , the son of William Grubb Junior , a prosperous Quaker farmer and his second wife , Eleanor Fayle .	farmer
male	6	In early 2007 , Formula One driver and 2007 World Champion Kimi Räikkönen entered and won a snowmobile race in his native Finland under the name James Hunt .	driver
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
male	2	"Mejri 's lawyer objected to his client being denied medical evaluation , describing him as "" mentally unstable "" and unemployed for the past six years ."	lawyer
male	7	In December of that year , a physician named William Douglass , known for writing polemical pamphlets , published a history of the American colonies in which he attacked Knowles :	physician
male	23	George Frank Richards ( c. 1883 – 7 January 1924 ) was a son of Frank Richards ( who may have been a driver for the company ) and his wife Matilda , née Weber , ( c. 1850 – 21 August 1913 ) , sister of Wilhelm Weber .	driver
male	4	His father was a lawyer and his younger brother , Friedrich Koffka , went on to become a judge .	lawyer
male	3	Cape Town City Manager Achmat Ebrahim , who was implicated in alleged wrongdoing alongside De Lille , also resigned from his position .	manager
male	8	"In contrary to this praise , former wrestling manager and commentator Jim Cornette strongly criticized the event on his podcast """	manager
male	7	While there is no knowledge of the writer himself or where the text was written , it circulated widely in Jewish communities during the Medieval period , and it can be assumed that it was of great influence to Jewish practictioners during this time .	writer
male	17	These works are meant to elucidate the nature of the laborer within Capitalist society , how the laborer sells his physical labor and thus his body , political issues such as immigration and continual immigrant poverty in Capitalist countries , the nature of work in Capitalist society , and the isolation of economic classes .	laborer
male	53	"After several temporary members came and went , including comedian Neil Innes on piano , the group then recruited bassist Dixie Dean on a permanent basis , and recorded "" Lo and Behold "" , an album of Bob Dylan songs ( which had not yet been officially recorded and released by the writer himself ) ."	writer
male	7	On his journey , he meets a teacher who says he knows Raj Kapoor .	teacher
male	4	His father was a teacher and his great - grandfather , Kwong Yat - sau , was the first Chinese priest in the Diocese of Victoria .	teacher
male	1	"French writer Louis - Sébastien Mercier claimed in his popular 1770 novel "" L'An 2440 , rêve s'il en fut jamais "" , which was translated into English as "" Memoirs of the year two thousand five hundred "" that by 1772 , 2,500 died in the explosion ."	writer
male	2	The Latin writer Horace put miserly behaviour at the centre of the first poem in his first collection of satires , dealing with extremes of behaviour .	writer
male	4	Harding suggests that the nurse could threaten to expose him as a drug addict if he stood up to her .	nurse
male	3	He calls the nurse in to the room , as he can not handle this loss .	nurse
male	7	"He would later move to become a writer himself , taking jobs with the "" St. Kitts Daily Express "" and the "" St. Christopher Advertiser ."	writer
male	63	"In 1994 Wilson was an original founder of the League of the South , which advocates a "" natural societal order of superiors and subordinates "" , using as an example , "" Christ is the head of His Church ; husbands are the heads of their families ; parents are placed over their children ; employers rank above their employees ; the teacher is superior to his students , etc ."	teacher
male	17	Morton returned to his main camp and was taken to the Ti Tree Well mission where a nurse removed 17 splinters from his head and treated him for a serious skull fracture .	nurse
male	2	The booking clerk at Round Oak , seeing the runaway , attempted to telegraph Brettell Lane to give warning , but he was unable to attract the attention of the clerk there .	clerk
male	2	"The encyclopedic writer Thomas Browne , in his 1646 "" Pseudodoxia Epidemica "" , explained that it was uncertain how Cleopatra had died and that artistic depictions of small snakes biting her failed to accurately show the larger size of the land asp ."	writer
male	6	Although he was not a creative writer himself , he befriended , corresponded with , helped publish , and otherwise served as intermediary between some of the most prominent people in English literary life in the early twentieth century .	writer
male	1	Our nurse team has contact with the patient or a caregiver , telling him that he will receive a psychiatric teleconsultation and communicate our orientations for a good interaction ( for example , the patient must be with a caregiver at home ; they should be in a quiet room ; test the connection ) .	nurse
male	11	Part of the reason for errors like these is that the writer knows what he wanted to communicate in a given passage , and he may therefore mentally supply missing or ambiguous information during his proof-reading of the phrase ; the reader , however , should not be expected to do so .	writer
male	1	His teacher initially dismissed his observation , but three days later the ' discovery ' of the comet was announced .	teacher
male	1	A hairdresser with lupus erythematosus noted that acute attacks of his illness always coincided with periods of intense occupational activity .	hairdresser
male	6	His mother was a public school teacher and his father worked for the Department of Welfare .	teacher
male	5	"He was an influential theological writer and his most famous work is "" Spieghel der Volcomenheit "" ."	writer
male	19	"Doug Joseph Lennox ( January 21 , 1938 – November 28 , 2015 ) was a Canadian actor , writer and radio personality , who was perhaps best known for his book """	writer
male	1	"Another writer called him "" a legendary hero "" just three years after his death from cancer ."	writer
male	2	""" A writer mined his ’ 80s adolescence in the D.C. suburbs ."	writer
male	12	In May 2004 an exhibition was opened : the cabinet where the writer worked on his works , and the hallway .	writer
male	3	Though not a librarian himself , he worked closely with members of the profession during his time at the British Library , and served as President of the Institute of Information Scientists from 1973 to 1976 .	librarian
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	1	The writer Hermann Kasack , the philosopher Hermann Graf Keyserling and the Berlin Chief Rabbi Leo Baeck were counted amongst his friends .	writer
male	9	"On the other hand , Voncu observes that the writer uses his artistic talents in theological works such as "" Despre minuni "" ( "" About Miracles "" ) and "" Din pildele Domnului "" , ably narrating simple texts that can appeal either to their intended audience of rural believers or to a more cultivated set of readers ."	writer
male	30	However , because of the friction then in existence between the military and civil authorities , Garnett was unwilling to introduce the design to the constitutional convention , so convention clerk Caleb Lyon introduced it as his own design , with Garnett 's approval .	clerk
male	6	Hyde was an opinionated and sardonic writer and his books are highly readable .	writer
male	13	Diamond was born in Montreal , Quebec , Canada in 1920 to a tailor and his wife , but moved at a young age to Brooklyn , New York .	tailor
male	3	Finally , a teacher in the fourth school concluded that during the completion of the posttest questionnaires he got the distinct impression that the students learned a lot .	teacher
male	1	Geek.com writer Jordan Minor included Marina in his list of his favorite black Nintendo characters .	writer
male	18	"In his best - selling book , "" The Curiosities of Literature "" ( 1823 ) , British writer Isaac D'Israeli stated the practice had been widespread across Europe ."	writer
male	4	Later , his beloved teacher Asha Kiran Chowdhury 's inspiration boost his uninterrupted journey of writing .	teacher
male	12	"In his autobiographical trilogy The Forging of a Rebel , the Spanish writer Arturo Barea sets one chapter "" The Lost Village "" in Novés , using it as a microcosm   of the social and political tensions building up to the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War ."	writer
male	22	At the age of ten , his parents encouraged piano lessons , but in five weeks George quit the lessons after his teacher discovered he was playing by ear .	teacher
male	12	After graduating from the University of Glasgow Gardner was influenced by his teacher and by readings of contemporary naturalists and set off for Brazil in March of 1836 , arriving two months later in Rio de Janeiro .	teacher
male	5	Coloma was also a prolific writer of short stories and his complete works , which includes his novels , biographies , and other works , have since been collected in a multi - volume set .	writer
male	8	Lilina has always regarded her husband as her teacher and Stanislavsky often referred to her as his ' best ever student ' .	teacher
male	13	"The 1940 census also identifies him at that time as an independent "" Writer "" and his father then as a freelancing "" general short hand Reporter "" ."	writer
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	1	"The writer Henry James described the hospital in his 1907 book "" The American Scene "" as one of the few fine examples of architecture in Manhattan , describing it as an "" exemplary Hospital "" and expressing his admiration for the red - bricked building 's ability to "" invest itself with stillness ."	writer
male	2	A travel writer describes his trek to Rara :	writer
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	1	French writer Émile Deschamps claims in his memoirs that , in 1805 , he was treated to some plum pudding by a stranger named Monsieur de Fontgibu .	writer
male	11	"That Uncertain Feeling "" ( 1955 ) features a young provincial librarian ( perhaps with an eye to Larkin working as a librarian in Hull ) and his temptation to adultery ."	librarian
male	20	"Having dressed himself in a white sheet as a "" ghost "" for a joke , the child 's terrified nurse screamed and struck at him with a poker , and he fell down a flight of stairs , the commotion awakening the family 's baby ."	nurse
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	2	A prolific writer , Drury is perhaps best known for his Tuesday Column blog , a series of articles published weekly since 1995 targeted towards Wesleyan pastors and church leaders .	writer
male	3	However , the writer found he could do more with Manhattan as a `` kind of a quantum super-hero '' than he could have with Captain Atom .	writer
male	2	A PE teacher , McCarthy has become involved in competitive weightlifting since his retirement , winning a North Island championship in 2010 .	teacher
male	9	Originally , the term derived from confession : The writer is not only autobiographically recounting his life , but confessing to his sins .	writer
male	10	After six month of study , Roth became a TM teacher himself .	teacher
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	5	Schmitz , himself a respected writer , was impressed and with his encouragement Joyce continued to work on the book .	writer
male	1	A nurse who was working in an acute regional hospital expressed his desire for supportive management :	nurse
male	7	At an early age , his music teacher , Sunil Sriyananda , recognised his abilities and encouraged him to take up acting and singing .	teacher
male	1	The writer Syed Mujtaba Ali is noted for his cosmopolitan Bengali worldview .	writer
male	1	"The writer , Charles Hoy Fort , later referred to this incident in his book """	writer
male	16	"In his "" The Shape of Sola Scriptura "" ( 2001 ) , the Reformed Christian writer Keith A. Mathison mentions several recent examples of such critics ."	writer
male	12	The Guardian thinks he was born in 1951 , but since the writer also believes he is the son of Paul Guilfoyle -LRB- actor born in 1902 -RRB- , I think we can dismiss that idea .	writer
male	8	"In his letter to Miletic , the English writer Alan Sillitoe found his music “ full of life , grace and energy ” adding also that it is “ pure , clear and full of interest , as well as comprehensible to the heart ” . "" """	writer
male	2	A passionate writer and , according to his friend	writer
male	5	In class , Malcolm 's teacher ( Merrin Dungey ) comments on his talent for painting ; in an act of jealousy , Spath pours red paint on his chair .	teacher
male	3	An Inside Soap writer predicted that Anthony had landed himself in a big mess , and that he was `` playing with fire '' by kissing both Poppy and Jodie .	writer
male	21	Probably he was led to study this theory by his teacher and friend Mauro Picone , who had also been the teacher of Caccioppoli and was likewise his friend .	teacher
male	1	About.com writer Mark Edward Nero ranked it number 9 on his list of 20 Best R&B and Soul Songs of the 2000s decade .	writer
male	8	  Mr. Anderson , the Newcomer Support Class teacher , suggested to Carmen that he bring his Grade7/8 students to have a Buddy Reading program with the little ones in the Parent Centre on Monday afternoons .	teacher
male	3	A young Australian writer , Larry , works out his affair with a spirited English girl , Delphine .	writer
male	4	The Master is a writer who is plagued both by his own mental problems and the harsh political criticism faced by most Soviet writers in 1930s Moscow in the Stalinist Soviet Union .	writer
male	0	Teacher and party chairperson Clara Gowases was appointed in his place and gave her initial speech to the National Assembly in April of that year .	teacher
male	3	A successful Australian writer discovers he has cancer and returns home to Melbourne to be with his estranged wife and daughter .	writer
male	1	"Crime writer Arthur Upfield developed a nostalgic association with the city after his first visit in 1910 , and published "" The Bachelors of Broken Hill "" in 1958 ."	writer
male	10	On March 6 , 1978 Ralph Axelrod , chief administrative assistant to Cook County Sheriff Richard Elrod , and ward committeeman since 1973 , slated himself for alderman .	assistant
male	1	A writer himself , he used to write short plays and direct it to present in school / college competitions .	writer
male	1	Sports teacher by education Rodrigo started his coaching career as a youth coach for UE Lleida .	teacher
male	8	His father , Alfred Cropper was a chartered accountant and his mother was Edith Kathleen ( Kate ) , née Hale .	accountant
male	4	"At his death a writer declared him to be "" the literary and intrinsical link between Jefferson , Madison and Hamilton and the men of the present day "" ( 1859 ) ."	writer
male	5	He became renowned as a teacher of Greek and among his pupils were Erasmus , Budaeus , Reuchlin and Jacques Lefèvre d'Étaples .	teacher
male	2	"Science fiction writer Greg Egan , in his book "" Teranesia "" , posited a similar mechanism , whereby large adaptive mutations occur in multiple species under the aggressive quantum mechanical influence of a new protein ."	writer
male	14	Hennig was born in Leipzig on 3 March 1911 , the son of a teacher , Max Hennig , and his wife Johanna Clemen .	teacher
male	6	In 1956 , he was appointed Librarian of New Zealand ' s University of Otago where he planned for the construction of a large library building , and served as editor of the University of Otago Press .	librarian
male	1	The writer himself made frequent excuses to the more educated of his readers for any flaws they were to find in his texts , specifying that he lacked in formal training .	writer
male	5	In 1774 , the travel writer Alberto Fortis , on his way to Dalmatia , wrote about Pag island 's products , including sea salt , sage honey , wool and Pag cheese .	writer
male	31	"Only Love Can Break a Heart "" , his highest - charting single in the US , from the top spot on 3 November 1962 , the only time that a writer shut himself ( or herself ) out of the No . 1 position ."	writer
male	6	During the 2006 election , a writer identifying himself as Brad Bodnar posted several comments to a CBC discussion board on the Churchill riding .	writer
male	5	His mother was a school teacher and his father , who taught diamond setting under the G.I. Bill as a WWII veteran and opened a jewelry company , Wideband Corp. , specializing in gold - coin jewelry .	teacher
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	11	His father Fang Zicheng ( 方自成 ) was an elementary school teacher , and his mother Zhou Yunque ( 周云鹊 ) a housewife .	teacher
male	5	"Shin Myung , the alleged writer of the "" fake letter "" , returned to South Korea from the US and turned himself in to the SPO on April 4 , 2012 ."	writer
male	31	"We propose to model the "" learning process "" of the teacher by using a higher level LA , referred to as the metateacher , whose task is to assist the teacher himself ."	teacher
male	4	During his education his teacher was Károly Koffán , Pál Gerzson .	teacher
male	13	Long rejected the adherence to strict ancient format , he advocated that a writer must write from his heart .	writer
male	13	""" The school was fortunate to have a residence built to accommodate the teacher and his family ( even if it was inadequate ) ."	teacher
male	23	Thomas Wingham ( 5 January 1846 in London – 24 March 1893 in London ) was an English musician , known as a teacher and for his time at Brompton Oratory .	teacher
male	4	"The episode features American writer and actor James Lipton , host of the television program "" Inside the Actors Studio "" , as himself ."	writer
male	20	The Studies and Observation Group ( as the unit was initially titled ) was in fact controlled by the Special Assistant for Counterinsurgency and Special Activities ( SACSA ) and his staff at the Pentagon .	assistant
male	7	"In a later deleted post , the writer described himself as a "" 30-something American male "" , and indicated a history of substance abuse ."	writer
male	13	"Nevertheless , Ford insisted at the start of his manuscript "" The present writer has as his intent the defense of the church . """	writer
male	6	Ordinarily it is necessary for each clerk in the accounting and cost departments to have his own copy , while an additional copy should be given to the purchasing agent and treasurer or the officer who is in charge of the accounting records .	clerk
male	2	His math teacher told his parents the youth would unfortunately never succeed in life , as he passed math classes doodling in the margin of his math books .	teacher
male	5	The President was a former tailor himself , and often preferred to sew his buttons on personally .	tailor
male	1	"The teacher would remember in his old age that the student Marin Preda "" was a dreamer in the classroom "" , but "" he did well , in writing "" , on a given topic about the Union of Principalities did "" sensational work "" ."	teacher
male	27	Marasco drew both on his experience as a teacher of Latin and Greek classics at Regis High School and a newspaper account he had read about a teacher who , after assigning his students some homework , immediately killed himself by jumping out a window .	teacher
male	6	At his country estate , a writer matches wits with an actor who has stolen his wife 's heart involving mind games and tricks .	writer
male	12	"In his 1897 travel book "" Following the Equator "" , American writer Mark Twain wrote of the Eureka Rebellion :  "	writer
male	26	"He also commended the directing , saying : "" Unshowy to a fault , Hytner delivers a fine , moving comedy of English manners between a writer and his eccentric tenant , which slowly deepens into an exploration of human bonds "" ."	writer
male	38	The character study sets an aging drama professor in a love triangle with two students , one a young lady leading a charmed life with whom he becomes infatuated and the other an impetuous young man whom the teacher feels he must rescue from himself , despite his jealousy for the unabashed youth .	teacher
male	2	"The Indian writer and polymath Nirad C. Chaudhuri wrote his autobiography "" The Autobiography of an Unknown Indian "" at the age of 54 ."	writer
male	2	As his teacher slams him for his poor performance , Erik 's life is changed irrevocably by a chance meeting with Lyokha , a coarse and aggressive petty criminal .	teacher
male	2	"IGN staff writer Levi Buchanan ranked "" Sega Rally Championship "" 6th in his list of the top 10 Sega Saturn games , saying "" Yes , the Dreamcast version is much better and the current - gen sequel ... is stunning , but this Saturn arcade port was one of the top reasons to stick by SEGA as it flailed through the 32-bit days . """	writer
male	1	Kotaku writer Alex Walker featured it in his list of cancelled games Nintendo could revive .	writer
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	15	Following complaints about his grades and considerations for military school , Liam ' s guidance counselor suggests that in addition to bringing up his grades he joins some school activities .	counselor
male	9	Situations covered include Pekar 's job as a file clerk at a Veteran 's Administration hospital and his relations with colleagues and patients there .	clerk
male	4	His uncle 's greedy assistant , John Cutler ( Jackie Gleason ) , wants the money for himself , and hires a female detective ( Valerie Perrine ) to prevent Guido claiming his inheritance .	assistant
male	5	His mother was a school teacher and his father a health inspector and trade unionist with connections to the Communist Maki party ; his siblings include Marwan ( now a political commentator ) and Rawia Bishara ( a chef , cookbook writer and restaurateur ) .	teacher
male	0	Nurse later widened his interest to other orders of insects , especially Hymenoptera .	nurse
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	Milk fumed about government priorities when a teacher came into his store to borrow a projector because the equipment in the schools did not function .	teacher
male	17	In her last speech recorded on a tape , she praises Shangmugamani for being stubborn that a teacher should not marry his student at any cost .	teacher
male	15	Jean Alexandre Vaillant ( 1804 - 21 March 1886 ) was a French and Romanian teacher , political activist , historian , linguist and translator , who was noted for his activities in Wallachia and his support for the 1848 Wallachian Revolution .	teacher
male	19	Before entering politics , Marmion worked as a civil engineer for Main Roads Western Australia , as a VFM auditor for the state government 's auditor - general , and for his own strategic planning business .	auditor
male	16	He also studied the Arabic language , logic and Jurisprudence , and did not need another teacher until he studied the second part of the course known as Kifayat at Usul which he studied with an Iranian teacher named Sheikh mujtaba Al-Linkarani .	teacher
male	4	He was still the assistant of Elliot Gould , and on his way from New Hampshire to Boston , repatriating a Porsche for the shooting of a movie , he halted in front of a nursing home in order to help an old woman cross the street .	assistant
male	4	"His fifth - grade teacher led his class through the investigation of the "" Challenger "" accident in 1986 ."	teacher
male	12	In 1970 , then-mayor George Reiter attempted to replace the female village clerk because he believed men were temperamentally better suited for the position , a view held by many of his supporters in the city .	clerk
male	3	Tattercoats 's old nurse begged him to take her , but he refused .	nurse
male	18	"In September , Forbes became the first mainstream media publication to feature her in an article , with writer Tom Ward also posting a half hour interview with her on his YouTube channel , "" Under The Influence "" ."	writer
male	2	A friendly teacher taught him German as a child , which helped him during Eagle Day , and he picks up English very quickly .	teacher
male	3	"World - renowned writer and columnist Thomas Friedman used Aramex in his book , "" The World Is Flat "" , as an example of companies that benefit from what he calls the flattening of the world ."	writer
male	5	His father was a singing teacher and his mother , Russian - born , was a painter .	teacher
male	3	His 1874 obituary writer , styling himself as ' The Sportsman ' , tells of him learning to ride at a very early age ' whipped in to his father ' who hunted a pack of harriers across the ' enormous Fen drains ' .	writer
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	14	"In his rankings of all 191 "" MST3 K "" episodes , however , writer Jim Vorel ranked the episode # 78 , the highest of the four Hercules movies that aired on Comedy Central ."	writer
male	20	He invited members of the Boston Symphony Orchestra as private teachers to the students , along with being an inspiring teacher himself .	teacher
male	5	On his death , Urdu writer Anwar Maqsood remarked that “ God had given him a rare gift .	writer
male	10	In the early 1950s , the school employed a music teacher who had been blacklisted because of his refusal to cooperate with the House Unamerican Activities Committee .	teacher
male	9	Charlie ( David Schwimmer ) is an ex - teacher who is fired on his first day as a call center employee .	teacher
male	3	Historian and travel writer Benson J. Lossing visited for his 1853	writer
male	4	Wallis was an English writer working as a supply teacher , with two previous novels , and he was in his late 40s when it came out .	writer
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	1	The writer admitted that he used artistic license when it came to the scene in which Catherine ' s friend , Isabella , goes off with Captain Frederick Tilney .	writer
male	2	A fantastic writer in the last round of the CUP , and I believe he was once a coord .	writer
male	27	"However , just before the first issue was to be released , Kreisberg dropped out of the title in order to focus on his work as a writer on the television series "" Fringe "" , as well as his other comic commitments to "" Green Arrow / Black Canary "" ."	writer
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	12	Much of the play is set in New York where a British writer and his aristocratic wife have fallen out of love with each other , and started news relationships with a teacher 's daughter and a Hollywood actor respectively .	writer
male	9	"Todd Roy is an American producer , director , writer and actor who is best known for his role as director and producer on the reality online series "" The Jace Hall Show "" ."	writer
male	0	Nurse began his college career in Midland College .	nurse
male	13	On May 26 , 2010 , Mitch Meltzer , the plant′s former head accountant , was sentenced to 41 months in prison after his conviction on a federal conspiracy charge .	accountant
male	5	"In 1825 , his former teacher and enemy Silvestre de Sacy reviewed his work positively stating that it was already well "" beyond the need for confirmation "" ."	teacher
male	11	This is a two - storey house where the famous Russian writer Anton Chekhov stayed with his family from 1869 to 1874 .	writer
male	3	"Nevertheless , beer writer Tom Acitelli has declared McAuliffe a "" J.D. Salinger - like figure "" due to his reclusive nature ."	writer
male	14	Concept analysis showed that nurse 's awareness of hoping to improve patient helps the nurse do his job in the best way and with peace of mind .	nurse
male	10	Foraker had been anxious to become a lawyer while a clerk for his uncle ; with peace restored he enrolled for a year at Salem Academy and then in 1866 Ohio Wesleyan University in Delaware , Ohio .	clerk
male	4	His mother was a librarian and his father a lawyer .	librarian
male	33	"Crooke 's introduction to Tod 's 1920 edition of the "" Annals "" recorded that the old Indian texts recorded "" the facts , not as they really occurred , but as the writer and his contemporaries supposed that they occurred ."	writer
male	18	In 1969 , at a time when the Nicolae Ceauşescu regime offered a degree of liberalization , Surrealist writer Saşa Pană included Grigore Cugler in his anthology of Romanian avant - garde texts .	writer
male	24	"The University of Málaga paid homage to him at the V Contemporary Spanish Literature Congress , under the title "" Miguel Delibes : the writer , his work and readers ."	writer
male	11	Zhitkov was born in Novgorod ; his father was a mathematics teacher and his mother a pianist .	teacher
male	2	A prolific writer and fearless campaigner of civil rights , Swadeshabhimani K Ramakrishna Pillai succumbed to his ille - health on 28 March 1916 .	writer
male	16	In 1940 , when he was just 14 years old , Ajaib met His first major teacher , Baba Bishan Das , a sadhu who came from the spiritual lineage of Baba Sri Chand , Guru Nanak ' s son .	teacher
male	5	"On his blog the comedy writer Graham Linehan called the clip his "" favourite moment of accidental comedy of the last five years "" while "" Guardian "" newspaper film critic Peter Bradshaw compared Love and Dyer to a real life Derek and Clive ."	writer
male	18	After the revolution , the writer meets a professor in Hungary who knows more about England than the writer himself , who hails from London .	writer
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	6	"David Kemper is an American television writer and producer who is best known for his work on the science fiction / fantasy show "" Farscape "" ."	writer
male	3	"In 2010 , writer and actor Mark Gatiss interviewed Warner about his role in "" The Omen "" ( 1976 ) for his BBC documentary series "" A History of Horror "" ."	writer
male	0	Nurse made his debut in minor counties cricket for Berkshire in the 1997 Minor Counties Championship against Dorset at Reading .	nurse
male	1	The writer reviews various methods of awake intubation and describes his own , illustrating it with a discussion of 12 seriously ill patients .	writer
male	1	"British writer Michael Bracewell , in his collection of essays entitled "" When Surface was Depth "" observed : """	writer
male	1	"The teacher Ludwig Wöbbeking wrote in 1924 in his "" Dorfchronik "" about Grossenrode that it "" is a Hardenbergic creation , of around 1230 ."	teacher
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	1	The writer claimed that he could not keep up with the frantic pace of the show .	writer
male	17	The relationship between the two men can be considered as more than a simple relationship between a teacher and his pupil and may be compared to a father-son relationship , which is a reminder of the original model of Hippocratic teaching .	teacher
male	0	"Nurse credited his Empire teammate Everton Weekes for his success in cricket , telling "" Wisden "" that "" Weekes made him into a first - class cricketer , a batsman able to get a line on the ball to know precisely where to hit it . """	nurse
male	2	Joyce -LRB- teacher -RRB- , and it was obvious from them that he was supplying information to the British .	teacher
male	2	A gifted writer , Roberts has been recognized and published locally and nationally for his research projects and servant leadership .	writer
male	12	Nicholson applied for the post , relying on his experience as a librarian and his organisational skills to compensate his lack of experience in palaeography , bibliography and languages .	librarian
male	4	His mother was a teacher and his father , Martin Perlich , a writer and radio programming director and announcer , worked for a time with the Cleveland Orchestra .	teacher
male	31	"Danys was also asked to include the Soviet ideas to a movie script "" "" Kruvina Puota "" ( "" Blood Feast "" ) "" that he wrote , although a writer refused to follow a demand of the Soviet censorship and he burned a script instead ."	writer
male	8	In his contributions to Bengali literature , the writer and philosopher Choudhury depicted a transparent portrait of modern Bengali 's life in abroad .	writer
male	6	"In his review for AllMusic , writer Andy Kellman praised Rapsody 's progression on the album , writing that "" "" Laila 's Wisdom "" is Evans ' lyrically broadest and musically richest work , yet it does n't have the sprawling quality of the first album ."	writer
male	1	The librarian must have sound judgment in book acquisition and have the ability to create a comprehensive collection , but he must practice selection to achieve genuine merit for his library .	librarian
male	13	The locale of the Novel is University of Illinois at Chicago where the writer did his postgraduate studies .	writer
male	17	The two goals served as the catalyst for a run of four goals in three games as Nurse scored his first league goal of the season in Barnet 's 1–0 win over Dartford four days later .	nurse
male	1	German writer W. G. Sebald received a special Koret award in 2002 for his contributions to literature .	writer
male	4	"Later in 2003 , writer Jeph Loeb returns Captain Atom to his roots as he went back to work for the government , this time for President Lex Luthor in the first story arc of the "" Superman / Batman "" series ."	writer
male	9	"At the end of the course , a science teacher shared his perception of the tension between the local and the global : "" The heavy focus we get on culturally relevant pedagogy , we have been groomed to prioritize locality , and we still should … but our students need to also see and experience beyond because that is what the world will demand of them as they exit high school and continue into universities , trade schools , and the workforce . """	teacher
male	5	The position is that each writer must compile his own list based on his personal opinions .	writer
male	7	He completed there , with the same teacher , his postgraduate studies and was awarded the Magister of Arts degree ( 1971 ) .	teacher
male	8	"While at Pennsbury , "" Sports Illustrated "" writer Michael Bamberger profiled Costa in his non - fiction book"	writer
male	11	Fu Pi sued for peace , but without his knowledge his assistant Yang Ying ( 楊膺 ) also promised on his behalf that he would surrender to Jin .	assistant
male	6	"The 7th - century Sanskrit prose writer Banabhatta refers to this work in his "" Kadambari "" and "" Harshacharita "" ."	writer
male	3	Clara was an accountant who taught him to read before he went to school .	accountant
male	10	In the same year , a New York Times science writer published a popularized version of Diener 's proposal , in which , however , he mistakenly credited Flores et al .	writer
male	1	The writer used self-recording and charting of his own behavior as a way to observe and manage changes during his senior year at high school .	writer
male	8	Jan Amos Comenius , the Czech educator and writer , was known for his theories of education , but also as a pioneer of Czech Protestantism during the 17th century .	writer
male	4	"In his autobiography , writer Mark Twain described Alameda as "" The Garden of California . """	writer
male	3	"Total Film "" writer Nathan Ditum included Reeves in his 2010 countdown of "" The 29 Worst Movie Miscastings "" , describing him as "" a dreary , milky nothing ... a black hole of sex and drama "" ."	writer
male	61	Commenced in February 1989 , and opened on May 15 , 1991 for the 100th anniversary of the writer 's birth , the museum is located at № 13 on the Andriyivskyy Descent and contains an exposition of nearly 2500 pieces that include Bulgakov 's belongings , books , postcards , and photos – conveying the life and creativity of the writer and his surroundings .	writer
male	45	Spymaker : The Secret Life of Ian Fleming is a 1990 TV biographical film of the life of Ian Fleming , creator of the James Bond spy character , retracing his playboy youth , his expulsion from several colleges , his experiences as a newspaper writer and his tour of duty for the British intelligence agency during World War II .	writer
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	A chartered accountant by profession , Ardagh obtained his qualification in Canada in the 1970s and returned to Ireland to practice .	accountant
male	1	Outdoor writer and humorist Ed Zern wrote this in his tribute to Lee Wulff during a memorial at the New York Angler 's Club on June 25 , 1991 .	writer
male	1	"The writer E. T. A. Hoffmann caricatured Kamptz in his work Master Floh as "" police crook Knarrpanti "" ."	writer
male	6	"The Sahitya Akademy Award - winning writer P. Lankesh was the founder and editor of "" Lankesh Patrike "" from 1980 until his death in 2000 ."	writer
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	1	The writer of the manuscript relates his dire circumstances and impending death at the hands of an unknown perpetrator .	writer
male	1	The writer says that from the first hour that his years permitted him to converse with men , he has been tampering in broils and practices , betwixt friend and friend , man and wife , and , as his credit and craft increase , betwixt prince and prince .	writer
male	4	Emily meets Valentine 's assistant , Marietta , his housekeeper , Maude , and Maude 's dwarf husband , Merry .	assistant
male	1	"The writer Anthony Burgess , in his 1984 work "" Ninety - nine Novels "" , describes Fleming 's malefactors as "" impossible villains , enemies of democracy , megalomaniacs "" ; Burgess goes on to write that Goldfinger "" is the most extravagant of these "" ."	writer
male	9	In January 2018 , Solomon discovered that a personal assistant had stolen around 500 bottles from his rare wine collection , among them , seven from the French estate Domaine de la Romanee - Conti .	assistant
male	4	His mother was a clerk and his father an accountant .	clerk
male	15	It was Sharp who brought considerable development to the game , as an editor , writer and with his access to publishing equipment .	writer
male	1	The writer Evelyn Waugh spent his last years in the village of Combe Florey .	writer
male	18	He played an important role in the development of Egyptian theatre in the 1870s , both as a writer of original plays in Arabic and with his adaptations of French plays , but it was as a satirical nationalist journalist that he became famous in his day , a thorn in the side of both the Khedive and the British interlopers .	writer
male	1	"The writer has confined himself to a deep understanding of the ten types of Sanskrit dramas based upon the elements of "" Vastu "" ( plot ) , "" Neta "" ( heroes / heroines ) , and "" Rasa "" ( the emotive aspect of plays ) ."	writer
male	11	There was a well-known buddhist group , Dharmadhatu , whose bisexual teacher knew since 1983 that he was HIV-positive .	teacher
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	5	An Alcott - Simpson 's clerk named Madame Stregovitch befriended him , and he often visits her at the store .	clerk
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	29	FNP - BC ( born January , 1970 ) , is a Registered Professional Nurse , Family Nurse Practitioner , educator , researcher , health policy analyst , and nurse entrepreneur who is known for his work in the field of behavioral health research specializing in the area of HIV / AIDS prevention .	nurse
male	5	A Confederate sympathizer and a writer of plays , essays , and novels , Gayarré is chiefly remembered for his histories of Louisiana .	writer
male	2	"John 's teacher Mr. Elwell was # 307 and he exhibited a sculpture called "" Diana of the Spear . """	teacher
male	1	His assistant , Jessica , questions what he is doing , and he snaps out of it .	assistant
male	8	"Thomas A. Jackson , best known as a writer as T. A. Jackson and by his friends as "" Tommy "" , was born in Clerkenwell , London on 21 August 1879 ."	writer
male	2	One senior nurse had reported his concerns directly to CQC , but his complaint was not taken up .	nurse
male	49	Neither the European nor the American publishers of the writer ever met him personally or , at least , the people with whom they negotiated the publication and later also the filming of his books always maintained they were only Traven 's literary agents ; the identity of the writer himself was to be kept secret .	writer
male	19	Documents and photographs reflecting life and creativity of the writer , his rare manuscripts , personal belongings of the writer and his family , used by the writer when he was alive , stage models designed for separate dramatic works , posters and programs from plays , paintings are exhibited to the audience .	writer
male	19	In the 2009 The Simpsons episode `` Bart Gets a ' Z ' , '' Bart ' s substitute teacher announces to the class that he received his Master ' s in teaching from Tufts .	teacher
male	2	The outstanding writer was praised for his extraordinary work by the people and by the State .	writer
male	4	He was an indefatigable writer , and he began very early to record all the gossip he collected , all his interminable legal disputes over precedence , and a vast mass of unclassified material .	writer
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	18	From 1882 to 1884 he was a Master Student of the landscape painter Theodor Hagen and became a teacher of landscape painting himself in 1886 .	teacher
male	1	The tailor stuck his legs out the window and threatened the bear with the claim that they were a vise .	tailor
male	6	During his stay , the young writer has strengthened his language skills and gained a profound appreciation for the Holy Land and its people and their songs .	writer
male	12	Lionel Wigram ( born 1961 ) the British film producer and screenplay writer based in Los Angeles was named after his paternal grandfather , Maj Lionel Wigram .	writer
male	14	Dwarf is mistaken for a child in 2999 and in school , where the teacher thinks he is telling fibs when he says he is a crook of the 20th Century .	teacher
male	66	"Joe David ( born June 30 , 1946 ) is a Nuu - chah - nulth artist , a member of the Tla - o - qui - aht Band of the Nuu - chah - nulth people , also formally "" adopted "" into the Haida people , whose work is identified with the contemporary Northwest Coast art movement ; among his close associates are teacher and art historian Bill Holm , Duane Pasco , and his cousin Ron Hamilton ."	teacher
male	1	"Food writer Richard Guzman wrote of his experience at this venue : "" I was sad ."	writer
male	16	"Although Emma had an alibi at Fairhaven , ( about from Fall River ) , crime writer Frank Spiering proposed in his 1984 book "" Lizzie "" that she might have secretly visited the residence to kill her parents before returning to Fairhaven to receive the telegram informing her of the murders ."	writer
male	0	"Writer / Director Kevin Smith told a tearful 10-minute story about Rickman on his "" Hollywood Babble On "" podcast ."	writer
male	11	"In his 2012 book "" The Anarchy Tour "" , music writer Mick O'Shea said that alongside the band 's other post - reunion albums , "" All Set "" "" served to affirm that Buzzcocks could still appeal to a global audience while still remaining true to their original ideals ."	writer
male	3	The Thanh Nien writer admits he emailed the article to a bunch of friends for opinions which is OR and POV on his part .	writer
male	7	In the manga and novel , the teacher -LRB- Sakamochi in the novel , Yonemi in the manga -RRB- says that he raped her when she objected to her charges being selected for the program .	teacher
male	6	In the fifth grade , his teacher , Miss Love , noticed his talent for art and recommended art lessons .	teacher
male	13	However , Roger Bochs only accepted the offer of Jaxon ' s android assistant , Delphine Courtney , in order to defeat Omega Flight from within , as he remained loyal to Guardian .	assistant
male	8	In this Letter to the Editor , the writer , shares his experience on providing a sustainable 24/7/365 interventional radiology service .	writer
male	6	"In 1704 , the position of teacher of "" viola all'inglese "" was added to his duties as violin instructor ."	teacher
male	6	Through both his work as a teacher as well as through his literary works , Fishta had a great influence on the development of the written form of his native Gheg Albanian .	teacher
male	0	"Writer David Halberstam , in his book "" The Coldest Winter "" , paints Willoughby as largely having been appointed head of intelligence for Korea due to his sycophancy toward MacArthur ."	writer
male	2	An aspiring writer , Eddie admires Ted , but he soon discovers the older man is a self - absorbed womanizer with an erratic work schedule that leaves the young assistant to fill his time as best he can .	writer
male	20	William was raised in the Church of England ; when he was six , his father was appointed the parish clerk and village schoolmaster .	clerk
male	16	The principal restraints to its further progress have been highlighted , and the efforts of the writer and his coworkers in certain of these sensitive areas has been commented on .	writer
male	2	His music teacher at school told him that a new educational program for music was opening , and he thought Nevalainen would fit in well as a drummer .	teacher
male	3	The internationally acclaimed writer and photographer Arthur Groom wrote his 1949 work One Mountain After Another about Binna Burra .	writer
male	0	Clerk taught his converts to plant cocoa using more modern mechanised methods and his pioneering work in agriculture bore fruit years later .	clerk
male	24	At age 14 , he enrolled in the commercial art program at the Pratt Institute Evening School of Art in Brooklyn , but a teacher there suggested he switch to fine arts , so the next year he enrolled in the American Artists ' School in New York City .	teacher
male	6	An unknown and marginalized local school teacher , just like the mythological Chiron did for Prometheus , gave up his life for the future of his son who had chosen to be an independent artist in New York .	teacher
male	14	After she dies , Jed refuses to see the baby girl , but wise Nurse Bowers places the child in his arms , and as with the mothers , he can not resist her charms .	nurse
male	20	He was born at home in a humble house in Roubaix , an industrial city where his mother was a housekeeper and his father a textile worker .	housekeeper
male	15	His mother , Denise Marie ( née Miller ) , is a former sign language teacher and singer , and his father , Paul Kevin Jonas Sr . , is a songwriter , musician , and former ordained minister at an Assemblies of God church .	teacher
male	7	The author , a liaison mental health nurse , describes with the use of a case study how he helped a family to examine , understand and address emotional pain and suffering in response to the anticipated death of a family member following traumatic injury .	nurse
male	19	Moravia claims he is a disciple of Fëdor Dostoevskij ( Fyodor Dostoyevsky ) : indeed traces of the Russian writer can be recognized in his literature .	writer
male	28	While he was on the ship he listened to the stories told about sea lore , continued to read , and decided that he was to become a writer and story - teller himself .	writer
male	15	Chief David McCoy later told a local newspaper that he made that decision because a nurse was on duty at the County Jail and he wanted Thomas to be monitored by a nurse .	nurse
male	32	"Busiek declared he and Ross debated on doing a "" Marvels "" sequel , only for Ross to bail out not wanting to draw Wolverine and the Punisher , and once the writer himself left the project following an argument with the editor , Busiek refitted the intended plot on "" The Dark Age "" arc of his title "" Astro City "" ."	writer
male	5	PRATIM GUHA , a blind writer of love stories learns about Dr. Roy ’s experiment , finds it quite interesting and involves himself with the project in pursuit of a plot .	writer
male	2	His primary teacher was Kisshomaru Ueshiba and he also took lessons from aikido founder , Morihei Ueshiba .	teacher
male	2	The traumatized nurse , fearing she might be pregnant , tries to tell him but he does n't believe her .	nurse
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	1	The writer , however , confines himself to describing the [ [ Therapeutae ] ] , a colony of hermits settled on the [ [ Lake Mareotis ] ] in Egypt , where each lives separately in his own dwelling .	writer
male	16	His father , Samuel A. Tucker , a real estate agent and NAACP member , and teacher mother saw to his formal and informal education .	teacher
male	10	Professor and linguist Magnus Olsen , who was Bugge 's assistant and his successor , would read and describe new discoveries of inscriptions .	assistant
male	3	"As both the writer and his reviewers have noted , Teodoreanu mixed the subversive "" counterfeiting "" of Neculce 's history into his own loving homage to the Moldavian dialects and their verbal clichés ."	writer
male	2	"Co - writer Marvin Etzioni also recorded his own version in 1992 for his album "" The Mandolin Man "" ."	writer
male	21	One of its earliest champions was Paul Schrader , who at the time was writing film criticism before later becoming a writer / director himself .	writer
male	12	In January 2011 , Dykstra was accused of sexual assault by his housekeeper , who alleged that he would force her to give him oral sex on Saturdays .	housekeeper
male	6	A 19 year old male veterinary nurse accidentally injected himself with 200 mg of xylazine ( a muscle relaxant and sedative used in veterinary practice ) .	nurse
male	1	The writer , who was the screenwriter and director of the film , also produced the short film by himself .	writer
male	3	"In 1941 , writer Denis Ireland , son of a wealthy manufacturer and steeped in Unionist tradition , described himself as "" a son of the Ulster Protestant industrial ascendancy "" ."	writer
male	17	Härma was born Miina Hermann in 1864 in Kõrveküla , Livonia , Russian Empire to a local teacher and his wife .	teacher
male	5	"In his book the Israeli writer Mordechai Nisan , who at times met with some of them during the war , quoted Said Akl , a famous Lebanese poet and philosopher , as saying ; "" I would cut off my right hand , and not associate myself to an Arab ."	writer
male	10	"During his time with the company , Hobart and another writer wrote a version of "" Faust "" that Morrison used for twenty years in repertory ."	writer
male	13	He crashes through the window , and to his surprise , Lydia the librarian is their captor .	librarian
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	21	"According to Marcel Aderca , it was Lovinescu who gave his father the first name "" Felix "" , although the writer himself continued to exclusively use the shortened signature "" F. Aderca "" ."	writer
male	14	"According to Thomas , Ash is "" nothing if not strange "" and the writer lamented his many appearances in the "" KOF 2003 "" manhua compared with more - popular characters ."	writer
male	4	His mother was a nurse and his father an architect .	nurse
male	18	"But as he did with his drama "" Appropriate Adult "" , about Fred and Rosemary West , writer Neil McKay has found another way into a familiar , awful story "" ."	writer
male	15	"In his list of the top 100 television episodes of 2008 , "" BuddyTV "" writer John Kubicek ranked "" Lazarus Rising "" seventh , noting its introduction of angels into the series and its "" haunting opening scene "" ."	writer
male	5	After Richmond realizes that a nurse ( Lilli Clark ) has changed his urinary catheter and he did not feel it , he sticks a campaign pin into his thigh and does not feel it either .	nurse
male	4	His occupation was ' clerk ' , his birthplace reads ' America ' , and his residence as ' New York ' .	clerk
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	36	In an accompanying letter to Henry , Elder is very severe on David Beaton , denouncing him as the pestiferous cardinal , and his bishops as blind and ignorant ; in the subscription he styles himself clerk and a ' redshank , ' meaning by the latter designation , it is supposed , ' a roughfooted Scot or highlander . '	clerk
male	11	While he was riding one of his elevators he had an assistant cut the cable with a fire axe , a stunt that sold a lot of elevators .	assistant
male	9	After one year of lessons , Phillips outpaced his teacher , who suggested that he study classical guitar .	teacher
male	15	It is strictly a personal essay , which is further demonstrated by the fact that writer has allowed virtually no changes to the article that he originally created .	writer
male	5	Police records show that a nurse reported that he videotaped kids playing and other doctors reported complaints about long and unnecessary vaginal exams .	nurse
male	19	"A. Alvarez , in his book "" The Savage God "" , lists Jarrell as a twentieth - century writer who killed himself , and James Atlas refers to Jarrell 's "" suicide "" several times in his biography of Delmore Schwartz ."	writer
male	8	Through this superbly written modern classic , the writer sends a message to his readers that humanity itself is endangered by lust of power , indiscriminate violence and killings of war .	writer
male	7	In his Legend of Kätterli , the writer Otto Uehlinger tells of a robber baron many centuries ago who lived with his wife and seven sons in Castle Radegg .	writer
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	14	These experiences are mirrored in the novel by those of Pinfold , a successful writer in the Waugh mould who , as an antidote to his lassitude and chronic insomnia , is dosing himself with a similar regimen of drugs .	writer
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	1	"The writer , Larry Santos , would become a chart artist in his own right with 1976 's "" We Ca n't Hide It Anymore "" ."	writer
male	8	Gonzalo Soltero is a barely known underground Mexican writer , who has kept himself outside of the limelight and literary cliques .	writer
male	0	Nurse continued his postdoctoral research at the laboratory of Murdoch Mitchison at the University of Edinburgh for the next six years ( 1973 - 1979 ) .	nurse
male	5	On his death , Argentine writer Rodolfo Walsh wrote :	writer
male	15	At number 6 Passeig de Colom is the House of Cervantes , where the famous writer Miguel de Cervantes lodged during his stay in Barcelona .	writer
male	1	The writer of the panegyric already quoted says , however , that he did not work for money , but that he was urged forward by the resistless force of natural genius .	writer
male	2	"A prolific writer , Bloomberg kept diaries throughout his life , including a detailed account of his time in post war Germany , in manuscript format , entitled "" Tales of the Survivors of Belsen and Other Camps in Europe "" ."	writer
male	4	His mother was a teacher and his father a river pilot and merchant seaman .	teacher
male	17	"When 6 years old , Lu Wenfu went to an old - style school , where his teacher was impressed by his interest in reading and gave him a formal name "" Wenfu ( which means literary and culture ) "" , in the hope of him becoming a litterateur ."	teacher
male	12	Saget originally intended to become a doctor , but his Honors English teacher , Elaine Zimmerman , saw his creative potential and urged him to seek a career in films .	teacher
male	15	"In his review of "" Delivered "" for "" The Huffington Post "" , entertainment writer Mike Ragogna said:""This is powerful stuff , and it 's a shame that over the six or so albums Mark Erelli has created , he has n't grown into a more popular artist ."	writer
male	3	A school health nurse describes how he developed sessions on sex education for 14 - 15 year olds in the classroom setting , taking students ' actual questions as a starting point .	nurse
male	56	In 1943 , the librarian of Yoknapatawpha County discovered a magazine photograph of Caddy in the company of a German staff general and attempted separately to recruit both Jason and Dilsey to save her ; Jason , at first acknowledging that the photo was of his sister , denied that it was she after realizing the librarian wanted his help , while Dilsey pretended to be unable to see the picture at all .	librarian
male	1	The writer has run off to Venice with his mistress , and the play opens as they begin to tire of each other .	writer
male	6	In this way , a true teacher regards himself as a student of his students .	teacher
male	0	Writer Arturo Pérez - Reverte chronicled the Bosnian war for Telediario in his time as a TVE war correspondent .	writer
male	1	His teacher , Kakuan , a disciple of Nōnin , had his community of monks in Tōnomine , outside Nara , apparently after having fled from Mount Hiei , where they had been persecuted by members of the Tendai school .	teacher
male	20	Edward Hetsel Schafer ( 23 August 1913 – 9 February 1991 ) was an American historian , sinologist , and writer noted for his expertise on the Tang Dynasty , and was a professor of Chinese at University of California , Berkeley for 35 years .	writer
male	5	Shavoo and Buddy locks the clerk and his accomplice inside a garage , bound and gagged with duct tape .	clerk
male	1	The writer of this retrospective essay witnessed his first open chest operation during the academic year 1928 - 29 while an intern in general surgery at Lakeside Hospital , Cleveland , Ohio .	writer
male	8	In elementary school , a fifth - grade teacher recognized his talent for drawing and encouraged him to create a comic book .	teacher
male	10	He gave munificent grants to scholars and was a prolific writer himself .	writer
male	28	"Parker 's next film was "" Angela 's Ashes "" ( 1999 ) , a drama based on the real - life experiences of the Irish - American teacher , Frank McCourt , and his childhood ."	teacher
male	7	For example , he would tell his assistant to hire a laborer to work for him , while committing Judah himself to pay the worker .	assistant
male	22	In the course of requesting an inordinate quantity of reading matter from home , Seymour predicts his brother 's success as a writer as well as his own death and offers critical assessments of a number of major writers .	writer
male	7	Both in his early years as a teacher and a headmaster in a Montreal school and in his later years at McGill University , he proved to be a very effective educator and a great influence on the scientific thinking of his students .	teacher
male	4	Consequently , the French writer asked himself why Italy did not succeed in imposing its language to the European continent .	writer
male	18	This and a similar dwelling built for his stepbrother , John James Hickmott , were , the leader writer of the East Charlton Tribune informed his readers , ' additional evidence of the increasing development of the rapidly rising town of Charlton which , at the present rate of progression , promises to become a large and populous provincial centre of activity ' .	writer
male	11	Rebecca Flint of Entertainment Weekly wrote , `` Skipping follows the writer as he tackles each of the seven deadlies , hanging out with everyone from gamblers to adulterers to the filthy rich .	writer
male	6	In addition , the singer song writer was a member in the Hong Kong Children 's Choir , and he developed vast interest in music as he was growing up .	writer
male	12	"His son Charles Frederick Holder ( 1851–1915 ) became a noted science writer himself , and collaborated with the elder Holder on "" Elements of Zoology "" ."	writer
male	2	A book writer from a village offers his book to a film producer , who is looking for a places to set film 's scenes .	writer
male	2	The trained teacher began his career as player with SC Zug , FC Baar , FC Emmenbrücke , and FC Wettingen .	teacher
male	12	Tamiya - ryū Iaijutsu however is unusual in that the only authorized teacher is the sōke himself .	teacher
male	9	"A critical aspect of the book is that the writer puts himself right in the middle of it , or as he says : "" Now our man of wisdom had a vice ."	writer
male	7	"In response , as a letter - writer signing himself as "" J.E. "" put it , the counties "" rise to defend themselves "" ."	writer
male	0	"writer Jim Farber commented on his lyrical observations , "" Nas focuses on linear scenarios and on human motivations ... "" unlike many hard rappers , Nas ' tales of ghetto horror are not covert boasts but expressions of true fear "" ."	writer
male	1	"Music writer Eddy Silia rated the album four stars out of five in his 2000 book """	writer
male	37	There are ritualistic aspects and elements taken directly from vaudeville , and there is a danger in making more of these than what they are : that is , merely structural conveniences , avatars into which the writer places his fictional characters .	writer
male	14	"But what I appreciate most about him is that he ’s a seriously good baker who takes himself and his trade lightly . """	baker
male	9	He awakens from the dreams to befriend a female nurse as he prepares to leave the institution and the traumatic experiences of his life , looking boldly into the future .	nurse
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	18	"Such claims were later considered "" judgmental "" , "" resentful "" and "" unfair "" by the writer himself , who publicly apologised to the artist after receiving criticism , eventually becoming an enthusiast of her work ."	writer
male	4	"The mid-19th - century writer Joseph Méry wrote in his 1853 book "" Les Nuits italiennes , contes nocturnes "" that on seeing the Pont du Gard :"	writer
male	1	The writer and his wife currently reside in Brookline , MA , where Shrayer - Petrov devotes himself to writing full - time .	writer
male	12	Since he wants Varinia as a concubine , he purchases a wet nurse for her baby .	nurse
male	4	In the episode , assistant district attorney Miguel Prado ( Jimmy Smits ) asks Dexter Morgan ( Michael C. Hall ) for his assistance in killing a murderous gambler .	assistant
male	12	The article explores aspects of the academic and activist life of the teacher and popular educator Victor Valla , particularly his repeated critiques , in writings and debates , about how some researchers and some social workers , educators , medical providers , and others working with the popular classes failed to understand these groups and their discourse .	teacher
male	1	The teacher ( John Cleese ) is about to start off his class , but he notices that everyone , save for four students , is absent .	teacher
male	1	"The teacher tries to bring Ramachari in the "" conventional way of life "" , but he errs and Ramachari 's life is destroyed ."	teacher
male	33	Archibald Stansfeld Belaney ( September 18 , 1888   – April 13 , 1938 ) , commonly known as Grey Owl , was a British - born conservationist , fur trapper , and writer who disguised himself as a First Nations person .	writer
male	9	"On balance , "" Los Angeles Times "" jazz writer Leonard Feather is favorable in his assessment , awarding the album three and a half stars , notwithstanding some ill - advised commercial trimmings :  "	writer
male	1	A teacher of philosophy at the B M College , Kazi Ghulam Quadir , was impressed by his depth of knowledge and understanding , so he helped him borrow books from the college library .	teacher
male	2	"The Jain writer Merutunga , in his "" Prabandha - Chintamani "" , states that Bhoja constructed 104 temples in his capital city of Dhara alone ."	writer
male	7	His brother Sverri Patursson was an important writer and his sister Susanna Helena Patursson the first feminist of the Faroe Islands .	writer
male	7	On 28 December 2008 , a Palestinian laborer working in the Israeli settlement of Modi'in Illit struck his supervisor on the head with a sledgehammer , stabbed and injured four civilians , and beat up several others .	laborer
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	3	The great Russian writer , Nobel laureate Mikhail Sholokhov called Anvar Juraboev `` a brave journalist , '' and that `` he discusses the most acute problems of current interest in his articles , essays and especially in conversations .	writer
male	1	"His teacher at Toreva Day School spelled his nickname "" Kabotie "" , which stuck with him for the rest of his life ."	teacher
male	12	Her former brother in law , Mehrab Ghasem Khani is also a writer and his spouse , Shaghayegh Dehghan is actress .	writer
male	6	The opening scene , with the writer searching through his old notebooks and reading excerpts from them , was written by his life partner ( now wife )	writer
male	10	At the music school he plays beautifully , but his teacher , who is more interested in form and order , is stifling his creativity with a metronome .	teacher
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	Robert Carlock , the writer of the episode , was nominated for his work for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing in a Comedy Series .	writer
male	6	In 1906 he trained his chairside assistant ( and his cousin ) , Irene M. Newman , to clean teeth and perform other preventive treatments on children , making her the world 's first dental hygienist .	assistant
male	8	Alongside his coaching role at Met Police , Nurse is also a coach for the Love	nurse
male	5	The daughter of a bank clerk and his wife who is a devotee of Anna Maharaj is married to an auto rickshaw driver .	clerk
male	20	"As quoted in the India Times , Deadline Hollywood and other sources , "" "" Pirates of the Caribbean "" writer Terry Rossio has been sued by his former agent for pending commission payment of over two years ."	writer
male	25	Legends trace the origin of the game to the mythical Chinese emperor Yao ( 2337–2258 BC ) , who was said to have had his counselor Shun design it for his unruly son , Danzhu , to favorably influence him .	counselor
male	6	Sternberg was a forceful and demanding teacher and his students , mostly G.I. 's and many already married , worked long hours in the studios .	teacher
male	15	Moving on to Kogarah Intermediate High School , O'Neill played cricket in defiance of a teacher who recommended that he take up athletics .	teacher
male	4	"Graham was not a writer himself , other than a section at the back of each issue called "" Graham 's Small Talk "" , and so relied heavily on contributors ."	writer
male	9	Although the story is rooted in the folklore the writer heard from shanachies by the fire during his youth , it is also closely related to the German legend of Faust .	writer
male	12	While carrying out his evil plot , Deville 's dim - witted assistant accidentally crashes his getaway blimp into the Warner Bros. water tower .	assistant
male	5	"A century ago , the writer Jack London wrote a series of articles for Woman 's Home Companion magazine , discussing his fi ve-day stay in the Kalaupapa colony . "" The Lepers of Molokai , "" the fi rst of these , appeared in January , 1908 ."	writer
male	1	His tailor is late making his suit ; with the dance well underway , it is barely being held together by basting stitches , but Harold puts it on and hopes for the best .	tailor
male	20	"In an essay on Kafka , the Argentinian writer Jorge Luis Borges , in making the argument that "" each writer creates his own precursors "" , placed Han Yu as one of the antecedents of Kafka due to some resemblance between them ."	writer
male	15	The teaching building was utilised for a welcoming social and dance for the new head teacher , William James Walton , and his wife .	teacher
male	2	"The American writer Washington Irving retold the legends in his "" Legends of the Conquest of Spain "" ( 1835 ) , mostly written while living in that country ."	writer
male	33	"On June 10 , 1737 , the day after Pentecost , at three in the afternoon , "" lightning struck the chapel , in front of the altar , hitting a Papist German tailor and his wife , who had taken shelter there ..."	tailor
male	8	In his treatise on Phoenician history , Byblian writer Philo maintained that the gods and goddesses venerated in Phoenicia were Hellenized Phoenician deities .	writer
male	28	One connection he made , albeit by accident , was John H. McCooey , the future Brooklyn Democratic Party boss ; they met when McCooey was a postal clerk and Hylan was sending money orders to his parents for interest payments on the family farm 's mortgage .	clerk
male	1	My teacher does everything that he can to give us extra information that the examination board has decided that we do not need to know .	teacher
male	12	One of the artists , Walter Emerson Baum , worked as a teacher and educator and through his founding of the Baum School of Art and the Allentown Art Museum , would serve to expand the influence of the movement out of Bucks County and into Lehigh County , specifically Allentown and the Lehigh Valley , where the movement continued to flourish into the 1940s and 1950s .	teacher
male	35	The eleventh contains the lives of all the bishops in order , and includes the chief events during their episcopates ; the twelfth deals in the same way with the archbishops , not forgetting the writer himself .	writer
male	2	"Mania Entertainment writer Mike Dungan found Seishirō 's role in "" Tokyo Babylon "" as comical , with his romantic intentions for Subaru being hard to find genuine ."	writer
male	20	"The story explains the whole lot of the life of women and the childhood of a narrator ( probably the writer himself , but evident is the usage of "" Ich form "" ) ."	writer
male	5	"In 1600 , French wine writer Olivier de Serres noted in his work "" Théâtre d'Agriculture "" that it was a tradition associated only with the wines of Anjou in the Loire Valley to blend in the "" vin de goutte "" with the "" vin de presse "" ."	writer
male	3	"Canadian Online Explorer writer Bob Kapur called Elgin "" the breakout performer "" of the match due to his in - ring abilities and reactions to the crowd ."	writer
male	8	"La Treille became famous as the place where writer Marcel Pagnol spent his summer holidays during his childhood — at the "" Bastide Neuve""—and he is buried in the cemetery there ."	writer
male	1	"Irish writer Oscar Wilde notably expressed anarchist sympathies , especially in his essay """	writer
male	3	When a DMV clerk insists that he can not release personal information unless a crime has been committed , Trevor throws himself in front of a car in order to accuse Ivan of committing a hit and run .	clerk
male	4	"The Anglo - Saxon writer Bede claimed in his work "" Historia ecclesiastica gentis Anglorum "" ( 731 ) that Old Saxony was the area between the Elbe , the Weser and the Eider in the north and north west of modern Germany and was a territory beyond the borders of the Roman Empire ."	writer
male	23	He left school after his father became ill to return to Sidney , were he entered public service in 1937 as the deputy clerk of the Richland County District Court .	clerk
male	3	However , the clerk regains consciousness and , thinking the group has actually kidnapped Alice , pursues the group , but only after he comically struggles with a mule that he wants to hook to a wagon .	clerk
male	4	"In 2010 , ESPN.com writer Pat Forde , in his "" Forde Minutes "" column , said of the 1992 team :  "	writer
male	4	As a journalist and writer he is noted for his expertise in Estonian athletic history .	writer
male	22	"All teachers responded positively to the question : "" What do you think the students learned from the module ? "" The teacher of the first school said he thought students are now more aware of the worldwide impact of infectious diseases ."	teacher
male	2	His singing teacher in Verona originally trained him as a baritone but he never felt comfortable in this range and later switched to the higher tenor register .	teacher
male	5	The body of a laboratory assistant , was discovered by his colleagues in the laboratory , seated on a chair located near a digital computer displaying information about sodium azide .	assistant
male	16	The High Court dismissed the appeal citing that the institute needed to prove that what the writer had published in his book was wrong .	writer
male	8	It was 1912 , however , before the teacher got his own dwelling .	teacher
male	9	At the time , Bradley was an unknown freelance writer with no official academic credentials , yet his essay , showing a close knowledge of several languages , contained criticism that none of Murray 's colleagues had been able to provide .	writer
male	9	"Beer was the 4th of five children of the teacher , cantor , sacristan and community writer Anton Beer and his wife Margarethe , "" née "" Walbrunn , in the Upper Palatinate Kohlberg ."	teacher
male	6	"Jason Cahill is an American television writer and producer , who is best known for his work on the acclaimed HBO series "" The Sopranos "" and on the FOX science fiction series "" Fringe "" ."	writer
male	3	Yoder 's top assistant Brad McNulty , suspended without pay since August 1 , 1989 , was fired just prior to his eighth season at Wisconsin for billing personal phone calls to the university from January 1988 to May 1989 .	assistant
male	6	Salatin 's father worked as an accountant and his mother taught high school physical education .	accountant
male	2	"A Franciscan writer , Fray Juan de San Francisco de San Antonio spelled it "" Baslig "" in his "" Cronicas "" in 1738 ."	writer
male	1	As assistant to Professor Terrier , Henri Hartmann ( 1860 - 1952 ) completed his surgical training at the Hôpital Bichat in Paris , where he was later to become Chief-Surgeon .	assistant
male	18	Another production company originally bought the rights to the novel , but the rights were revoked when the writer , Guillermo Arriaga , saw the project turn into something he did not agree with .	writer
male	11	I was not in on the conversation but from what the nurse said , he was very grateful , he had a big smile on his face , and it really brightened his mood .	nurse
male	11	"Dr. Higgs will be long remembered for his thoroughness as a teacher and for his kindly nature - qualities possessed by him in no small degree , and to which the present writer , one of his old pupils , bears full and grateful testimony "" ."	teacher
male	1	The baker persuaded his journeyman assistant to serve the jail sentence in his stead .	baker
male	7	"Perhaps this thirty - nine year old writer — who had been exiled to his ' warm Siberia ' for his health and who would die in less than five years in a German spa with Olga Knipper at his side — perhaps this man also sensed that he had fallen in love too late , and that the most complicated , difficult part was yet to come . """	writer
male	1	"The writer and occultist Kenneth Grant , who had known Spare in the 1950s , promoted Spare 's ideas after his death , referring to his system as "" Zos Kia Cultus "" ."	writer
male	23	Five days later in Corvallis , a man matching the I-5 Bandit ' s description held up a fabric store , molesting the clerk and her customer before he left .	clerk
male	8	Before the appearance of his book , no writer in England had ever published his own poetry under his own name ; in this , Googe was an accidental pioneer .	writer
male	0	"Writer Paul Schrader confirms this in his commentary on the 30th - anniversary DVD , stating that Travis "" is not cured by the movie 's end "" , and that "" he 's not going to be a hero next time ."	writer
male	7	Following the show 's completion , the writer and his friends witnessed a lunar eclipse .	writer
male	5	"( Huneker was a fiction writer himself , publishing two volumes of short stories , "" Melomaniacs "" and "" Visionaries , "" and in the last year of his life published a racy novel , "" Painted Veils . "" )"	writer
male	24	The series focused on the lives of the Mulligan family , who live in the fictitious Southern California community of Birchfield ; high school teacher and football coach , Michael ( Lawrence Pressman ) , his wife , Jane ( Elinor Donahue ) , who is a school nurse .	teacher
male	12	When he was 14 , Sheldon tested out lasers and the college teacher who saw was shushed by the government .	teacher
male	13	A professional photographer Barry Lategan took several photos for Leonard , which the hairdresser hung in his salon .	hairdresser
male	16	In her last speech recorded on a tape , she praises Venkateswarlu for insisting that a teacher should not marry his student at any cost .	teacher
male	5	His high - school band teacher recognized his young talent and encouraged him to also study acoustic bass so that he could be a part of the symphonic band in school .	teacher
male	6	One important point was that an auditor himself should look at whether a company 's corporate governance structure provides safeguards to preserve his own independence .	auditor
male	1	The writer specifically threatened to assassinate him at or near the California State Capitol building , and stated that he was a trained sniper and had specific weapons available that could be used .	writer
male	17	"U.S. District Judge Henry Woods , McMath 's partner of 27 years , was a prolific legal writer and his articles on their cases occasionally appeared in the "" Arkansas Law Review "" ."	writer
male	4	However , his sneaky assistant , Dr. Klaus Scythe , hijacks his time machine with a plan to acquire an arsenal of history 's most powerful weapons in order to rule the world .	assistant
male	23	Twenty - five years later , Hundert is poised to become the new headmaster , but resigns in shock when a less experienced teacher gets the position due to his fundraising ability .	teacher
male	0	Writer Bo Yang was jailed for eight years for his translation of the cartoon Popeye because the translation was interpreted as a criticism of leader Chiang Kai - shek and in June 1952 the student of national Taiwan University of archeology	writer
male	13	"In his "" Antranik of Armenia "" short story , Armenian - American writer William Saroyan writes about the First Republic of Armenia ."	writer
male	9	John Nee ( ) is an Irish storyteller , writer , performer and musician who is more commonly known by his stage name Little John Nee .	writer
male	16	During these punishments , Olivier tries out some other invention which causes further agro for the teacher and his colleagues .	teacher
male	11	Born and raised in Chicago Heights , his mother was a nurse and his father a machinist working in the steel and glass factories .	nurse
male	2	So the teacher decides to go along with it and make a game out of it even though he ' s straight .	teacher
male	1	The teacher tells him that he ' s coloring the flowers all wrong and that he should paint them red and green , `` the way they always have been seen .	teacher
male	3	"However , another teacher , Luke warns his "" smitten "" colleague that pursuing a relationship with Tug will ruin her career ."	teacher
male	13	Clinton Fein ( born 1964 in South Africa ) is an artist , writer and activist , noted for his company Apollomedia and its controversial website	writer
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	2	"A student teacher by 1953 , he gained his Ph.D. in Natural science c.1959 , and in 1960 moved to Detroit with his wife Sondra "" to become Assistant Professor of Natural Science at Wayne State University . """	teacher
male	15	Over the article ' s history , one user found a source in which the writer and composer of the song states that he adapted the text from an obscure folk song .	writer
male	8	His father Abdul Latif is a retired school teacher and his mother , a housewife .	teacher
male	5	Victoria is a highschool math teacher and his younger siblings are professional dancers ; Michael with the Cincinnati Ballet and Gabrielle with Oklahoma City Ballet .	teacher
male	1	"A writer from MSN described his rape storyline as "" groundbreaking "" material ."	writer
male	15	When he goes to inspect the substantial rural cottage , he meets the beautiful young housekeeper , Alena , who lives there with a daughter and works as a nightclub singer .	housekeeper
male	1	His teacher , Miss Given , hands out the answers to everything and the only problem is that he has to share his copy with a school bully named Garth .	teacher
male	20	The son of Thomas Wilson , a former publican who had become a brushmaker , and Sarah Hathaway , a teacher , Wilson was orphaned in his youth .	teacher
male	9	Afterwards , it is said that the official shorthand writer , a man named Saint Cassian , was so angry at the sentence that he refused to record the court proceedings and was martyred as well .	writer
male	6	Lester is a social outcast whose teacher demeans him for his living in a trailer park with his frequent drunken mother who often brings home drunks from the local bar .	teacher
male	3	Finally , the writer has ventured to propose new terms only because he feels that certain new terms will be of distinct advantage in some specialized types of ichthyological work , and that the general biologist and fishery worker will seldom or never have to bother his head about them .	writer
male	11	"M / F "" ( 1971 ) was listed by the writer himself as one of the works of which he was most proud . """	writer
male	0	Assistant professor at the Umeå University awarded the first best for his doctoral dissertation entitled “ Duplicate Systems :	assistant
male	2	His music teacher , also the policeman 's aunt , recognizes his talent and tries to nurture it .	teacher
male	5	In 1840 , Buck 's assistant , the young engineer William Henry Barlow , entered the fray , initially signing himself cryptically W.H.B. ,   but eventually declaring publicly his strong support for Buck .  	assistant
male	18	Harlan Jay Ellison ( May 27 , 1934   – June 28 , 2018 ) was an American writer , known for his prolific and influential work in New Wave speculative fiction , and for his outspoken , combative personality .	writer
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	2	A distinguished writer said at the time that he liked it , but it was `` naively pedantic .	writer
male	9	From this verse we can understand that , first teacher being Lord Narayana himself and line of descent from father to son up - to Sri Shuka Acharya .	teacher
male	5	"His "" debut as a writer was marked in 1996 by his book"	writer
male	0	Writer and novelist , he could sometimes write poetry , recount the bygone époque when he went out hunting in the African bush and shared with nurses there unique moments of great humanity .	writer
male	1	His teacher has given a set of particular instructions that he must follow in a particular order : he must write the word before defining it , and complete these two steps repeatedly .	teacher
male	34	"Ion Băieşu , pen name of Ion Mihalache ( 2 January 1933 , Aldeni , Buzău County–21 September 1992 , Nutley , NJ ) was a Romanian playwright , novelist and movie and television writer , best known for his novel "" Balanţa "" and his play "" Preşul "" ."	writer
male	26	"The film plot will use his story as the inspiration for the character of Jim Turner , always thought to have been partially based on the writer himself . """	writer
male	35	Born in Osijek , in the Austro - Hungarian Kingdom of Croatia - Slavonia ( present - day Croatia ) , he and his family moved to Zagreb in 1910 ; his father was a tailor and his mother a seamstress .	tailor
male	8	I conclude that Lodge 's self-concept as a teacher and his apparent broad appeal as a public educationist were deeply embedded in his life history as a member of the Maxwellians .	teacher
male	5	"Well - known comic book writer Warren Ellis also praised the series as his favorite , calling it as "" among the very best horror works of the 1990s ."	writer
male	21	"The club were demanding an apology from "" The Herald "" , for whom Spiers wrote a column , while the writer himself maintained that what he had written was accurate ."	writer
male	7	During his years at university , one teacher had influenced him most : the highly independent - minded Margaret Peterson , whose total dedication to her teaching , and insistence on the ethical value of art , were to have a great impact on the artist Elmer Bischoff would be .	teacher
male	10	Dai excels in many things , including being a skilled tailor himself .	tailor
male	9	"In his 1892 book "" , "" the English writer and naturalist Henry Stephens Salt focused an entire chapter on the plight of wild animals , "" The Case of Wild Animals "" ."	writer
male	18	For example , in the review of a patient with an asthma exacerbation due to COVID-19 , the nurse was able to see his respiratory effort , assess his ability to speak in full sentences , and visualize his condition .	nurse
male	13	Brought up in an artistic family ( his father is the famous Belgian writer / director /comedian and his mother , ACK , one of world 's most sought - after art restoration specialist ) , Casimir was certainly musically inclined , but a kid of his generation , exposed to the hypnotic melodies from Nintendo , MTV tubes , the inventiveness of alternative rock , the global rising of rap .	writer
male	5	With the support of his teacher and his pastor in 1928 he joined the Gymnasium in Dillingen an der Donau .	teacher
male	5	"Prasad , a young Dalit writer was earlier attacked by right - wing goons for his book "" Odala Kicchu "" ( "" The Fire"	writer
male	3	"The 2nd century writer of satires , Lucian , in his "" True History "" claims to have visited the moon when his ship was sent up by a fountain , which was peopled and at war with the people of the Sun over colonisation of the Morning Star ."	writer
male	3	"Hip - hop writer Shea Serrano listed the song as the most important rap song of 2002 in his book "" The Rap Yearbook "" ."	writer
male	0	"Writer Brian Michael Bendis did not name Kenny McFarlane consistently during his run on "" Ultimate Spider - Man "" ."	writer
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	12	Michel Engels ( 1851–1901 ) was an illustrator , painter and art teacher who is principally remembered for his sketches of the fortifications of Luxembourg City although he also painted a few watercolours .	teacher
male	6	In addition , the series ' writer Ian Weir immersed himself in Asian Canadian and Asian American culture before writing the script .	writer
male	2	While a teacher at the Rangoon School of Fine Arts and after his retirement , Thein Han often invited students to his home for lessons .	teacher
male	13	"In his novel Fécondité ( 1899 ; Fruitfulness ) , the renowned French writer Émile Zola ( 1840 - 1902 ) let his hero Mathieu Froment-a poor but hardworking proud father of twelve children-express a remarkable conviction in the ability of chemistry to help the mankind : "" Even if the world should become densely populated , even if food supplies , such as we know them , should fall short , chemistry would extract other means of subsistence from inorganic matter "" ( Fig. 1 ) ."	writer
male	9	"Boyd had lived in Nigeria—""where his mother was a teacher and his father a doctor""—during the Nigerian Civil War , which "" had a profound effect on him . """	teacher
male	18	"The site 's critical consensus reads , "" A small , sensitive , and moving portrait of a teacher and his students . """	teacher
male	1	His teacher observed that he wants to fit in , but he quickly gets in arguments with other children .	teacher
male	1	Another writer , Hayastan Yeghiazarian , used Nairi Zarian as his pen - name , replacing his first name , Hayastan ( the Armenian word for Armenia since the Late Middle Ages ) with Nairi .	writer
male	1	This teacher accepted them as his student .	teacher
male	17	Gabrielle arrives at the hospital to tell Nick about the note Angie had written , although the nurse on duty will not allow her to his room until the next morning .	nurse
male	19	Along with his fellow students Tettsū Gikai and Gien , Giin became a student of Dōgen when Giin 's teacher Ekan himself became a student of Dōgen .	teacher
male	8	"Nirad C. Chaudhuri ( 1897–1999 ) , a writer of non - fiction , is best known for his "" The Autobiography of an Unknown Indian "" ( 1951 ) , in which he relates his life experiences and influences ."	writer
male	3	Also , the writer states that he wrote the letter from `` Italy '' , which also at the time fits Paul .	writer
male	40	"The "" Analytical Review "" , on the other hand , apologised to its readers for not writing an "" analysis "" of "" this very desultory performance "" which was filled with "" the paradoxes with which this fanciful writer amuses his imagination "" ."	writer
male	1	The teacher encourages his pupils to believe in their dreams , and Leo tormented by all this asks for help precisely from the substitute , nicknamed the dreamer .	teacher
male	13	"In C.L.R. James ' autobiographical "" Beyond a Boundary "" , the Trinidadian writer writes about his visits as a young man to his friend Learie Constantine , at that time living in Nelson while playing as a professional for the town Lancashire League team ."	writer
male	5	A 32 year old male nurse , William Coddington from South Florida took his own life following an overdose .	nurse
male	3	"Another early classic writer , Jonathan Swift , penned critical views on current society — his most famous work , "" Gulliver 's Travels "" ( 1726 ) , is an example of a novel that is partially social science fiction ( with such classic sci - fi elements as pioneering in strange new worlds and experimenting with variations of the human anatomy ) and partially high fantasy ( e.g. , fantastical species that satirize various sectors of society ) ."	writer
male	30	"The selection of Jørgen - Frantz Jacobsen 's letters here presented — mainly in the form of excerpts , though some in extenso — is principally about the letter - writer himself , the significant events in his life , and the mental qualities with which he meets this his "" fate "" ."	writer
male	4	In 2011 , film writer and director Kevin Smith stated that he `` loved '' Loose Change and said it was a compelling watch .	writer
male	9	In Somewhere Next Door to Reality , a shop assistant says that he resembles the French poet Jacques Pr e vert .	assistant
male	2	Another famous writer , British expatriate Peter Mayle lived in Lourmarin until his death in 2018 .	writer
male	1	"The writer from Eifionydd J. G. Williams refers to it in his work too , e.g. in his book "" Pigau'r"	writer
male	2	When a baker and his wife learn that the children are orphans , they make plans the children do n't like .	baker
male	3	Nationally syndicated sports writer Tommy Clark chose Anderson not only as his first - team All - American at quarterback , but also named Anderson to act as captain of the All - American team .	writer
male	7	In at least one case , the teacher then molested students at his next school .	teacher
male	19	"William "" Whilce "" Portacio (; born July 8 , 1963 ) is a Filipino - American comic book writer and artist noted for his work on such titles as "" The Punisher "" , "" X - Factor "" , "" Uncanny X - Men "" , "" Iron Man "" , "" Wetworks "" and "" Spawn "" ."	writer
male	18	In May 2010 , when MTV News first announced that Ellis had finished writing Imperial Bedrooms , the writer told them in interview that he had begun looking ahead to the possibility of a film adaptation , and felt that interpreting it as a sequel to the 1987 movie adaptation starring Andrew McCarthy , Robert Downey Jr .	writer
male	28	"But if any one be inflexible in his censures of me , let him attribute the facts themselves to the historical part , and the lamentations to the writer himself only . """	writer
male	21	"The scenario , characters , and even character names and specific scenes are often identical , but "" Black Thunder "" writer William C. Martell did not receive credit for his original screenplay , instead receiving only a "" special thanks "" at the end of the credits ."	writer
male	3	"Irish Times "" writer Martin Doyle featured McKee in his article "" Best of Irish : 10 rising stars of Irish writing "" ."	writer
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	3	He is the teacher and example of humanity ; his whole life and suffering as well as his work after he is exalted serve this end .	teacher
male	14	"During his tenure at Frösö "" trivialskola "" ( elementary school ) , his teacher deemed him advanced enough to continue directly to Uppsala University ."	teacher
male	5	In one instance , a teacher spanked his bare buttocks in class , which Aucoin later regarded as sexual abuse .	teacher
male	2	Each side clerk studied under a sworn clerk for five years before practising himself , although under the sworn clerk 's name .	clerk
male	0	"Writer Miroslav Krleža wrote about human losses before Christmas of 1915 in his book "" Zastave "" ( Flags ) ( quoting credible news reports ) : :"	writer
male	5	Furthermore , Hiller was a teacher who encouraged musical education for women , his pupils including Elisabeth Mara and Corona Schröter .	teacher
male	10	"During the same period ( around 1589–1600 ) another English writer , Richard Hakluyt , described a voyage by John Lok to Guinea , where he found "" people without heads , called Blemines , having their eyes and mouth in their breast . """	writer
male	36	""" Confined and restricted to one section of the country , the North - East area among the Tangkhul Nagas , Headquarters of the past and still practiced in the outlying and frontier villages , the writer and his wife at their own risk according to Government order from 1896 to 1918 made the largest and most important village of the tribe Ukhrul , their headquarters "" .  "	writer
male	13	What Lucy and the director are unaware of — but what the script clerk realizes to his shock — is that the tonic contains 23 % alcohol .	clerk
male	8	His brother , Earl , became a biology teacher and his sister , Frances , married the ichthyologist Robert Rush Miller .	teacher
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	1	"Allmusic writer David Jeffries complimented The Game on his lyrics stating that "" when the rapper refers to his woman as "" beautiful as an Eli Manning pass , "" it 's just one of the reasons the feel - good "" Touchdown "" is a highlight . """	writer
male	9	S. Ilakuvan ( 1910–1973 ) was a Tamil college teacher who was imprisoned in 1965 for his participation in the anti - Hindi agitations .	teacher
male	5	In his despair , the baker becomes heartbroken and can no longer bake .	baker
male	16	It was the hang - out of artists and expatriate Americans and the place where Canadian writer Morley Callaghan came with his friend Ernest Hemingway , both still unpublished writers , and met the already - established F. Scott Fitzgerald .	writer
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	1	The accountant said that he had heard of other bounty hunters accepting offers .	accountant
male	21	"When Kiselyov placed an order with Heliade for the printing of official documents , including the "" Regulament "" , the writer and his family were made prosperous by the sales ."	writer
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	4	Browne said that an assistant had prepared the written agreement and he had not known about it .	assistant
male	11	His parents worked for Yorkshire Bank , his mother as a cashier and his father as a middle - manager in the same branch .	cashier
male	1	His teacher Gongsun Sheng comes to his aid and defeats Qiao , sealing the fall of Tian Hu .	teacher
male	8	One account of his death is that a clerk , who was offended when Yi refused to share a gold nugget with him , replaced his chestnut antidote with willow bark , causing Yi to die due to the centipede juice he drank .	clerk
male	2	An army clerk transposed his first two names ; with Willkie unwilling to invest the time to have the bureaucracy correct it , he kept his name as Wendell Lewis Willkie .	clerk
male	11	"The musical is tied together by a story involving a childless baker and his wife and their quest to begin a family ( the original beginning of The Grimm Brothers ' "" Rapunzel "" ) , their interaction with a witch who has placed a curse on them , and their interaction with other storybook characters during their journey ."	baker
male	22	However , Alexander Tiganov , a pupil of Snezhnevsky and full member of the Russian Academy of Medical Sciences , believes his teacher was honest in his diagnosing dissenters .	teacher
male	0	"Writer wrote his works as "" The game of raisin "" ( 1892 ) , "" Stories of the Danabaş village "" ( 1894 ) , "" The school of the Danabaş village "" ( 1896 ) in here ."	writer
male	2	The production assistant of the stage , Cody Osborne explained that he worked on it probably for over 18 million hours and he hopes it will work .	assistant
male	5	The son of a Spanish tailor , he dedicated himself to the same profession , and was first elected as a union delegate of the tailors in 1938 .	tailor
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	15	"He attended Bible College School in Derwen Fawr , Swansea , where his former biology teacher described his essays as "" succinct and attractive style of writing . """	teacher
male	7	At the age of nine , his teacher asked his class who knew how to play chess because there was going to be a championship .	teacher
male	0	writer Mickey O'Connor was negative in his review .	writer
male	11	"In his essay "" Homecoming "" ( 1972 ) , Kenyan writer Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o makes this stance very clear when he says :"	writer
male	4	And by becoming a teacher of yoga and through his knowledge of nutrition and diet , Guru Gorakhnath worked for the welfare of humanity and it is believed that the founder of this ashram Sri AmritNathji Maharaj is one of the form Guru Gorakhnath of by the people , this is what his devotees and followers believe .	teacher
male	1	My teacher said that when an early doctor sailed to the very hot tropics and took a venous blood sample , he found that it was already red , not dark maroon .	teacher
male	2	Naturalist American writer Theodore Dreiser had copies of his work in his library .	writer
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	2	A struggling clerk lives with his wife and two children .	clerk
male	2	Initially an assistant to Professor Antoni Łomnicki , in 1927 Banach received his own chair .	assistant
male	5	Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce clerk Brian Molony embezzled over $ 10 million from his employers in just 18 months to support his gambling habit .	clerk
male	1	The teacher says that he wo not and throws away the gun , and Thompson is about to attack him , when a 16-ton weight comes down on him .	teacher
male	2	Danish science writer Tor Nørretranders discusses Jaynes 's theory favorably in his 1991 book .	writer
male	3	The headsman 's assistant had held up the severed head to spectators , and contemptuously thrown it aside afterward , but he omitted the usual pronouncement ' This is the head of a traitor ' ; as a leading preacher Peters 's voice would have been easily recognized .	assistant
male	23	The plan backfires , and -- in trying to get the disk -- one of Kevin 's trigger - happy henchmen kills the accountant , his wife , his mother - in - law and his daughter .	accountant
male	29	"Alan Barth ( 1906–1979 ) was a 20th - century American journalist and author , specializing in civil liberties , best known for his 30-year stint as an editorial writer at "" The Washington Post "" as well as his books , particularly "" The Loyalty of Free Men "" ( 1951 ) ."	writer
male	18	Madhav Marathe would like to express a special note of thanks and gratitude to Dan for being his teacher , mentor , colleague and a friend over the last 19 years .	teacher
male	18	Starting from the high school , the students escape into town where they must deal with a corrupt teacher and his students .	teacher
male	9	One of the baseball diamonds was constructed by a teacher and his detention students .  	teacher
male	9	"In his book "" Reel Bad Arabs "" , writer Jack Shaheen criticized "" Paradise "" for its "" particularly degrading "" depiction of an Arab sheikh ."	writer
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	4	Molegraaf was a talented writer himself , and together they published a number of translations : the entire work of Constantine P. Cavafy , several poems by George Seferis , works by Plato and Epicurus , and the four gospels .	writer
male	12	"In his book "" The Jews of Sing Sing "" , the writer Ron Arons notes that none of Monk 's sisters ( nor his parents ) was married in Jewish ceremonies ."	writer
male	13	Meanwhile , Fong Ka - On ( Joe Ma ) , a successful accountant , is stood up at the altar by his fiancee .	accountant
male	8	This article recounts the challenges facing a specialist nurse and his selection of a range of Smith & Nephew Healthcare products , when he was asked for expert advice to promote granulation in a massive wound following debridement for extensive abscess formation in the lower abdominal , perineum and ischial areas .	nurse
male	1	"Baseball writer Bill James noted in his "" 1984 Baseball Abstract "" that Nettles is arguably the best position player ( i.e. , non - pitcher ) in major league history whose surname begins with the letter "" N. "" this judgment appears to hold up : the only three players elected to the baseball Hall of Fame with "" N "" surnames are pitchers Hal Newhouser , Kid Nichols and Phil Niekro ."	writer
male	7	"In the fourth Test at Headingley , Nurse scored his first century against England—""a most valuable innings of 137 out of 367 which covered five and three - quarter hours "" ."	nurse
male	6	She was the daughter of English teacher Henry Foster Tyrrell , who had established himself among the German - speaking community of Brno , and his Czech wife Josefína Kotulánová .	teacher
male	4	"On his blog , writer Bill Lawrence admitted that the dialogue between J.D. and Elliot in bed at the beginning of the episode was lifted from the pilot of a previous show of his , "" Spin City "" ."	writer
male	5	"As a television producer and writer is best known for his work on the sitcoms "" Grounded for Life "" and "" 3rd Rock from the Sun "" ."	writer
male	1	"Welsh writer and broadcaster Gwyn Thomas immortalised Llanwonno in his 1968 autobiography "" A Few Selected Exits "" , in which he recounted how every Sunday he and his father would begin a journey from their home in Cymmer in the Rhondda Valley to visit family in Mountain Ash ."	writer
male	11	He graduated high school in Ploiești city , where his history teacher gave him his first lessons in Christian philosophy .	teacher
male	5	He was found by his nurse playing with them on his cot as if they were toys .	nurse
male	6	His mother was a primary school teacher and his father a small farmer .	teacher
male	2	A prolific writer , he authored more than 60 books and more than 600 articles over his lifetime , many of which discussed propaganda , the impact of technology on society , and the interaction between religion and politics .	writer
male	8	His father Bhramarbar Parida was a Basic School teacher and his mother Satyabhama Parida was a home - maker .	teacher
male	44	"Outside of Romania and France , Șăineanu 's contribution of Rabelais left an observable trace in "" Finnegans Wake "" , a 1939 modernist novel by Irish novelist James Joyce : while Joyce 's text holds transparent allusions to Rabelais ' writings , the writer himself claimed to have never read the originals , and to have instead relied solely on a scientific study ( in turn identified by research Claude Jacquet as "" La Langue de Rabelais "" ) ."	writer
male	26	John Howard Hickcox Sr . ( August 10 , 1832 in Albany – January 31 , 1897 in Washington D.C. ) , a nineteenth - century librarian and bookseller , is best known for his efforts to organize and index federal government publications .	librarian
male	5	"Ikemoto was Kishimoto 's chief assistant during the run of the original "" Naruto "" series , and Kodachi was his writing partner for the "" "" film screenplay ."	assistant
male	8	"The equation was stimulated by what the Egyptian writer Sameh Samy , the editor of the magazine , put forward in his opening article , which quoted the title of the famous book by Ala Deeb as a "" pause before the slope "" , calling on those interested to stand collectively before falling into the slope ."	writer
male	1	Screenplay writer James McCausland drew heavily from his observations of the 1973 oil crisis ' effects on Australian motorists :	writer
male	1	The writer describes himself as William ' s friend and claims to have visited him the night before he died ; he is generally assumed to have been the farmer who lived across the Creek .	writer
male	2	"A prolific writer , Rai made his literary debut with novel "" Beej "" in 1952 and went on to write an acclaimed biography of his father , Premchand , "" Kalam ka Sipahi "" ( 1970 ) , which later won him the Sahitya Akademi award for 1963 ."	writer
male	14	Knowledge of the plague at Mohill emerged after 1975 , when a local school teacher named Gaffney , wrote his account :	teacher
male	6	He eventually became known as a teacher and for his expertise with the t'ai chi sabre and sword as well as for his qigong and pushing hands skills .  	teacher
male	10	MacLean agreed to the proposition , and Kastner sent the writer two scripts , one by William Goldman , one by Robert and Jane Howard - Carrington , to familiarize himself with the format .	writer
male	0	Nurse began his career at Sutton United in 2003 , spending a season with the club before signing for Stevenage Borough ahead of the 2004–05 campaign .	nurse
male	2	When the teacher realizes that he ' s insulting one of the students , he sends Thayer outside with him .	teacher
male	1	Canadian writer James Bacque claimed in his 1989 book Other Losses that the number is likely in the hundreds of thousands , and may be has high as 1,000,000 .	writer
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	27	Mithileswar ( ) was born on December 31 , 1950 in Baisadeeh village of ' Bhojpur district in ' Bihar ' , India , is a Hindi writer noted for his insight into the rural heartland of India .	writer
male	5	José María Arguedas was a writer and ethnographer in Peru , who classified himself as an indigenous intellectual that challenged Western thought and ideology .	writer
male	25	"And in view of what some of these rebels have since achieved , one is tempted to wonder whether there is really anything better a teacher can do for his pupils than drive them into various forms of revolution . """	teacher
male	8	Richie finishes robbing the store and shoots the clerk before he leaves .	clerk
male	5	Warhol wanted to be a writer but much like his film work , spontaneous performances and an explicit lack of editing was used as a device .	writer
male	14	In 1990 , the administration gave out a survey , developed by a journalism teacher and his students , to other students , asking about prejudices held against Arab Americans .	teacher
male	1	A nurse runs past Mulder , and he follows her into Modell 's room , where Modell is pronounced dead .	nurse
male	2	"IGN staff writer Levi Buchanan ranked "" Guardian Heroes "" third in his list of the top Sega Saturn games ."	writer
male	10	"In his 1997 work titled "" Zlotvori "" , Serbian writer and member of Serbian Academy Dragoslav Mihailović also mentioned leftist errors as mass murder of notable people such as army veterans , teachers and priests ."	writer
male	7	Permits were also secured for Freud 's housekeeper and maid , his doctor , Max Schur and his family , as well as a number of Freud 's colleagues and their families .	housekeeper
male	13	His parents were both involved with the harp : his mother as a teacher and his father , Charles T. Laughton , as a harp builder .	teacher
male	8	As he recovers , the police arrest his teacher trying to molest another child and the teacher is transported to a mental institution .	teacher
male	6	While amassing a following , the Teacher -LRB- and his followers -RRB- claimed he was the fulfillment of various Biblical prophecies , with an emphasis on those found in Isaiah .	teacher
male	2	"When the nurse says "" he 's just not right "" : patient cues used by expert nurses to identify mild head injury ."	nurse
male	9	"However , in his review for TV Squad , writer Richard Keller praised the episode , calling it "" a very good episode for both James Roday and Dule Hill "" ."	writer
male	7	This sitcom revolves around a young comedy writer and his family .	writer
male	4	""" A writer 's writer , White truly lived his trade "" ."	writer
male	2	"A notable writer of this time was Abdullah bin Abdul Kadir with his famous works "" Hikayat Abdullah "" , "" Kisah Pelayaran Abdullah ke Kelantan "" and "" Kisah Pelayaran Abdullah ke Mekah "" ."	writer
male	2	"Crichton 's assistant discovered the manuscript on one of Crichton 's computers after his death in 2008 , along with an unfinished novel , "" Micro "" ( 2011 ) ."	assistant
male	23	Many of the costumes that Depp wears in the film are genuine articles of clothing that Depp borrowed from Thompson , and the writer himself shaved Depp 's head to match his own natural male pattern baldness .	writer
male	8	"In his book "" Energy Flash "" , writer Simon Reynolds refers to "" Liveandirect "" as a "" live house album . """	writer
male	28	One of the main towers of the entrance collapsed in 1942 and on his death , in April that year , M. Manson left the estate to his housekeeper and his nephew .	housekeeper
male	16	Holroyd worked at Shrewsbury School in the UK for 20 years , first as an English teacher then rising to be Deputy Master before his appointment to Bangkok .	teacher
male	1	"The writer and artist , Peter Weiss dedicated his magnum opus , three - volume novel "" The Aesthetics of Resistance "" to the resistance from 1971 to 1981 celebrating their courage ."	writer
male	10	When he was in high school , he sprayed a teacher with silly string and beat a boy up and broke his neck .	teacher
male	9	At the same time at 15 , his English teacher let him discover Soul and Jazz music and he met several Blues artists as John Lee Hooker , T - Bone Walker or Memphis Slim .	teacher
male	19	"In his great 1986 book on the New York Herald Tribune , "" The Paper , "" Pulitzer prizewinning writer Richard Kluger wrote that "" Morris Warman is the best portraitist in U.S. daily journalism ..."	writer
male	11	On the prisoner at the bar pleading not guilty , the clerk of the crown answered culpable , and states that he was ready -LRB- prest -RRB- to join issue .	clerk
male	3	He became a teacher himself and taught the anatomy writers Petrus Camper and Johannes le Francq van Berkhey .	teacher
male	19	LeParmentier lived in Hollywood , Florida during his teen years , and it was there that his school drama teacher suggested he become a professional actor .	teacher
male	0	Nurse has also represented his native Barbados at international level , earning six caps .	nurse
male	18	Adeyemi Osofisan ( born June 1946 ) , known as Femi Osofisan or F.O. , is a Nigerian writer noted for his critique of societal problems and his use of African traditional performances and surrealism in some of his novels .  	writer
male	6	Donop acted as godfather to the writer P. G. Wodehouse , who was named Pelham in his honour .	writer
male	4	He was founding head teacher of Nadroga Sangam School and most prominently as principal of the multiracial Namaka Public School in Nadi , where he left a legacy of establishing a model for racial integration .	teacher
male	9	Her husband was killed unexpectedly when a chemist 's assistant mistakenly mislabelled oil of tar as his prescription in 1832 .	assistant
male	3	The Russian chess writer and master Lev Khariton wrote a touching tribute to Simagin on his chesscircle.net site .	writer
male	5	"A "" TV Soap "" writer said Noah is "" shattered "" and he then reveals their kiss to everyone ."	writer
male	12	He was educated at Sir Thomas Boteler in Warrington where his drama teacher suggested he try for a part in a National Film and Television School production called This Boy ' s Story .	teacher
male	2	The desk clerk confirmed he was a guest but added that he was presently out .	clerk
male	6	He was the godfather of the writer Sir P. G. Wodehouse , who was named Pelham in his honour .	writer
male	8	It tells the story of a poor Italian clerk who is humiliated by his wife and a dominant co - worker .	clerk
male	3	The first resident teacher , Geshe Dawö arrived in 1980 with his translator , Kelsang Tsering .	teacher
male	6	Interviewed sixty years later his former teacher , Horst Bürger , still recalled his deep interest in politics .	teacher
male	0	Nurse made his first - class debut just weeks after the end of the World Cup , playing two Busta Cup matches for West Indies B ( a development team ) .	nurse
male	8	This is the village of father , the writer frequently spends his summer vacation here .	writer
male	22	Bache was born in Brockley in south London , the eldest of the four children born to Charles Bache , an insurance clerk and his wife Emily , both of whom were amateur painters .	clerk
male	1	The teacher could not explain the credits on his transcript , and he acknowledged that he never actually completed a written dissertation .	teacher
male	10	"In the 1987 series , Fenton doubles as Scrooge 's accountant ( as himself ) and his personal bodyguard ( as Gizmoduck ) , hired by Scrooge in the five - part story "" Super DuckTales "" ."	accountant
male	11	"In his review of "" Curtis "" , "" Sputnikmusic "" writer Dave Donnelly described "" I Get Money "" as a "" surprise "" when compared to his feeling of "" Curtis "" as "" inconsistent "" , and felt the song to be superior to the song """	writer
male	10	Later , in his high school years , his Spanish teacher offered him a scholarship with dancing professor Ana García .	teacher
male	3	The summer camp counselor approached his boss and suggested inaugurating a trophy in honor of Major Frank Cavanaugh .	counselor
male	0	"Writer Alfred B. Street extolled its virtues in his poem "" White Lake "" which includes these lines :"	writer
male	10	Kinsey was later to claim that his high school biology teacher , Natalie Roeth , was the most important influence on his decision to become a scientist .	teacher
male	37	"His next film "" Kika "" ( 1993 ) centres on the good - hearted , but clueless , makeup artist named Kika ( Verónica Forqué ) who gets herself tangled in the lives of an American writer ( Peter Coyote ) and his stepson ( Àlex Casanovas ) ."	writer
male	4	The will of a clerk called Richard Culmer , of Monkton , on the Isle of Thanet , was proved by his son - in - law Nicholas Roe .	clerk
male	11	An only child , his father was an English solicitor 's clerk and his mother a Londoner of Ulster Protestant east Belfast descent .	clerk
male	30	Darley has been able to spend this period on the island — thinking , writing , maturing — due to the £ 500 left him in his will by the writer Pursewarden ( who killed himself ) .	writer
male	22	"Despite the album title having been revealed in February 2020 and instead referencing Brown 's quote , "" New York Times "" writer Jon Pareles noted in his review of the album that the title was a fitting description for public life during the COVID-19 pandemic ."	writer
male	3	His fourth grade teacher at one time could not keep his attention .	teacher
male	1	The writer also gave his own opinion on the origin of the Fairy Flag .	writer
male	19	Skeats was born in Berais Town , Southampton , England , son of Frank George Skeats , a bank clerk and his wife Alice Erena Martin and was educated at Handel and Hartley colleges , Southampton , and entered the Royal College of Science , London , where he received a D.Sc .	clerk
male	15	"In his book , "" Brazil , A Land of the Future "" , Austrian writer Stefan Zweig describes the colorful character of Villegaignon :"	writer
male	29	"In May 1994 two papers , "" El País "" and "" Diario de León "" , published several articles that suggested irregularities in his appointment as a teaching assistant by the University of León and in his keeping the job until 1991 ."	assistant
male	10	"the phrase was begun by a local Austin Community College librarian , Red Wassenich , and his wife , Karen Pavelka , who were concerned about Austin 's "" rapid descent into commercialism and overdevelopment ."	librarian
male	25	In the second part , two robbers try to rob a convenience store , but are stopped by a young girl , who asks the cashier if he knows the location of Tsukune ' s house .	cashier
male	1	Community nurse Roberto Cassani swapped his day job for the stage at this year 's Edinburgh Fringe .	nurse
male	10	At the age of 62 , he was again the writer and , in his sole such outing , director of a Broadway show .	writer
male	9	Kenny Gupta ( Bhaskar ) , a British Indian accountant , is sent to a call centre in Mumbai by his boss , Philip Glass .	accountant
male	1	The writer Colette , fascinated by his work , was one of his first clients .  	writer
male	2	"As the writer Orville Lloyd Douglas noted on his blog GayBlackCanadianman , "" Far too often whenever a character is gay on television it 's always a white person ."	writer
male	8	"In his "" Phaedo "" , Plato 's teacher Socrates is made to say just before dying that his discovery of Anaxagoras ' concept of a cosmic "" nous "" as the cause of the order of things , was an important turning point for him ."	teacher
male	8	Along the way , Fernando , an aspiring writer himself , jots down notes and ideas for a novel in a book , which he frequently narrates in voice - overs .	writer
male	5	One week , the mail clerk overlooked his letter , explaining nothing was in Lee 's mailbox .	clerk
male	24	"The only exception is represented by the novel "" El especialista de Barcelona "" , that according to him is totally unexpected to the writer himself , and that , not for nothing , talks also about a writer 's tackling against a book that wants to be written ."	writer
male	1	"Head writer Harding Lemay wrote in his memoir , "" Eight Years in Another World "" , that Courtney was fired because she was a bad actress who refused to learn lines as written , although she had huge popularity with the soap audience ."	writer
male	14	Twilight of the Superheroes is the title of a proposed comic book crossover that writer Alan Moore submitted to DC Comics in 1987 before his split with the company .	writer
male	2	This Swiss teacher would complete his task with astonishing success ; in fact , he , a civilian , managed to convince high and very high - ranking SS officers that their ideal world and their position of power were actually founded on error and would therefore soon collapse .	teacher
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	11	At the end of the thirteenth century the celebrated East Syriac writer Abdisho Bar Brikha , himself metropolitan of Nisibis , referred loosely to his province as ' Soba ( Nisibis ) and Mediterranean Syria ' .	writer
male	19	"After graduating , Townsend worked in the medical field in Belle Fourche , South Dakota , and met a nurse and his future wife , Wilhelmina "" Minnie "" Bogue ."	nurse
male	13	Harry Lambert ( Dan Spielman ) is a timid 35-year - old Australian baker who is shamed by his rural neighbours to join the 1st AIF and fight in the Western Front of World War I. Behind the lines , he continues to bake bread but when they are called up to fight , Harry realises he must find love before he faces death and leaves the battlefield .	baker
male	7	"On his return to New York , writer Henry James condemned the buildings in "" The American Scene "" as simply "" giants of the mere market "" , "" mercenary monsters "" doomed to be torn down in turn as other , even larger , buildings took their place ."	writer
male	21	"He encouraged other science fiction writers to write popular science , stating in 1967 that "" the knowledgeable , skillful science writer is worth his weight in contracts "" , with "" twice as much work as he can possibly handle "" ."	writer
male	20	"A member of the "" Dunga Clan "" of the Bamasaba , his father Francis Namugowa was a primary school teacher and his mother Zita Wolayo Namugowa , a subsistence farmer ."	teacher
male	6	Eventually , Escherich finds the postcard writer and his wife , who turn out to be a quiet , working class couple , Otto and Anna Quangel .	writer
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	3	"The Irish periodical writer and journalist William Maginn mentions the wine amongst other spirits in his poem "" Inishowen "" c. 1822 ."	writer
male	19	In 1783 he ran for a seat in the House of Assembly , representing Sackville and was appointed the Clerk of the House when he took up his seat .	clerk
male	1	The assistant gets his rifle and proceeds to leave the car with the intention of killing them .	assistant
male	20	They reach Dorestad together , where the bishop reacts to Johanna 's strong words with great surprise , and the teacher Odo ( Marc Bischoff ) unwillingly takes her into his class .	teacher
male	17	Field , was six years old when he arrived in New York , and became a prolific writer , dying at Mobile in 1856 .	writer
male	2	His file clerk and fiancée Doris Brewster ( Lane ) believes in his innocence , and she is instrumental in cornering the actual killer .	clerk
male	3	"During 2010 , writer and actor Mark Gatiss interviewed Carpenter about his career and films for his BBC documentary series "" A History of Horror "" ."	writer
male	27	"The statue was soon referred to as the "" Worthing Madonna "" , and became the focus of the ill - feeling around the church : one writer , chronicling the day of the consecration , started his account by referring to the "" peculiarly obnoxious Madonna "" ."	writer
male	3	"Vaino 's music teacher at the gymnasium , Arvo Vainio , was nicknamed "" Junnu "" on account of his big nose resembling that of a comic book character of the same name ."	teacher
male	35	He let Mourinho develop his own independent coaching style and entrusted him with the coaching duties of Barcelona B. Van Gaal also let Mourinho take charge of the first team ( acting as Mourinho 's assistant himself ) for certain trophies , like the Copa Catalunya , which Mourinho won in 2000 .	assistant
male	8	Pierre Bayle , the important Protestant philosopher and writer was born here , and taught in his early years by his father , a Protestant minister .	writer
male	5	During the album , the Writer delves into his own story and kills one of the characters , much to the dismay of the main character .	writer
male	23	Kateb Yacine ( ( August 2 , 1929 or August 6 , 1929 – October 28 , 1989 ) was an Algerian Berber writer notable for his novels and plays , both in French and Algerian Arabic , and his advocacy of the Berber cause .	writer
male	10	Number Two -LRB- who looks like Schnipps -RRB- and his assistant -LRB- who looks like Sonia -RRB- were hoping that he would drop his guard and allow some clue as to why he resigned .	assistant
male	9	"The Hindu wrote , "" It 's heartening that writer and director Sri Balaji has consciously steered clear of clichés in his maiden attempt ."	writer
male	4	He is a leading writer and his books , novels and travel , deals with the shrinking Israeli open space , effecting nature and humans .  	writer
male	13	In his letter to the association 's secretary - treasurer , the IRS writer stated :	writer
male	4	Louis Kent the second teacher in Cannington Manor started his duties in 1894 and passed on in 1896 .	teacher
male	4	On seeing this the assistant gets angry and he beats the mechanic .	assistant
male	10	His father , Manshankar Joshi , is a physical education teacher and his mother , Sharada Devi , is a housewife .	teacher
male	21	"Mac Hyman ( born Mackenzie Hooks Hyman ; August 25 , 1923July 17 , 1963 ) , was an American fiction writer who is known for his best - selling novel """	writer
male	16	Mu Shiying (; March 14 , 1912 – June 28 , 1940 ) was a Chinese writer who is best known for his modernist short stories .	writer
male	15	The clarinet would be repaired at the local music shop and Bill ' s band teacher suggested that he might try a different instrument , the trombone .	teacher
male	6	Around this time , her voice teacher , Frederick `` Wilkie '' Wilkerson , told her that he saw a brighter future for her in pop music than in the classics .	teacher
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	American writer Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr . memorialized the shay in his satirical poem	writer
male	1	Raju writer listens to his story but does n't like it and tells him to throw his story into a dustbin .	writer
male	3	""" Paste "" writer Ben Salmon placed the song at number three on his 2018 ranking , describing it a "" a six - minute celebration of jangling electric guitars , harmony vocals and band hangers - on that changes from rock song to breezy outro about halfway through ."	writer
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	3	"There was a writer called Simon Williams who runs Fierce Panda who discovered Coldplay , Super Furry Animals and so on , and he was really into us , so we had a moment of strange trendiness in amidst eight years of terminal untrendiness , you know ? """	writer
male	7	His father , Stephen , was a teacher and his mother , Mary , a nurse , who both worked as lay ministers for the Church of Ceylon .	teacher
male	8	He and Dorothy Pizer , a white English writer and his domestic partner and co - worker , shared a flat that became a center for African nationalists .	writer
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	8	Initially intending to follow the path of a writer himself , he became enamoured of capitalism in Paris and determined instead to enter the business world .	writer
male	20	In addition to Turner , the song 's lyrics reference the painters Peter Paul Rubens and Rembrandt , as the teacher escorts his students through the Metropolitan Museum of Art .	teacher
male	1	The nurse adopts the deserted baby , and he grows up in the nurse 's family with her son S. V. Shekhar .	nurse
male	9	The stylus magazine website lists him as a senior writer which shows that he is just another journo of no significant consequence .	writer
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	1	The writer describes his own experience and suggests that the practice may be an important aid to analytical psychotherapy for those in whom the critical analytical type of thinking is highly developed .	writer
male	0	Writer Patrick O'Brian drew on the Napoleonic Wars for his Aubrey – Maturin series of novels on which the film is based .	writer
male	9	Nearby in the same village , a young peasant tailor ( Mickey Mouse ) kills seven flies at once while at his work , and accidentally interjects several other peasants ' discussion of the problems with the giant to brag loudly about his accomplishment :	tailor
male	13	His mother , Kathleen Fabian , was a Fröbel - trained nursery school teacher and his father , Jock Mitchell , a research chemist from Cupar in Fife .	teacher
male	52	"George Orwell , while describing Merrick as a "" good bad writer "" , rather than a strictly good writer , admitted to a great admiration for his work ; he particularly praised "" Cynthia "" ( which was also a favourite of Chesterton 's ) , the story of a struggling writer and his wife , and "" The Position of Peggy Harper "" , with its portrayal of the unromantic side of provincial theatre ."	writer
male	35	He was subsequently sentenced to life in prison He robbed $ 2,090 ( equivalent to $ 38,663 in 2019 ) from the Chandler Bank of Lyons in Kansas in February 1935 , before taking the cashier and his assistant hostage and driving away in a stolen car with an accomplice .	cashier
male	4	Julian ' s laboratory assistant , Robert Thompson , also charged he had found his wife and Julian together in a sexual tryst .	assistant
male	1	A teacher by profession , in 1960 , Khebudkar started his career as songwriter in Marathi cinema , and went on to work with noted composers like Ram Kadam and Vasant Pawar during the 1960s and 1970s .	teacher
male	2	Painter and writer he wrote there his masterpiece : Christ has stopped in Eboli ( 1945 ) .	writer
male	7	Despite Yorke ' s approval , the writer said that he was too busy with his work on Doctor Who to pursue the idea .	writer
male	10	He attended the Normal School in Bucharest to become a teacher himself .	teacher
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	39	The actress 's agent Julián ( Alejandro Ciangherotti ) steals her most precious jewel , a very valuable necklace , and the window cleaner is unjustly accused because he was cleaning the windows at the time , though the assistant and confidant of the famous actress , Anita ( Beatriz Saavedra ) believes in his innocence .	assistant
male	17	His paternal grandmother , Anne ( née Dittami ) , was an Italian - American grammar school teacher , and his paternal grandfather , Albert Eugène Theroux , was French - Canadian and a salesman for the American Leather Oak company .	teacher
male	3	"The academic and writer Federico Condello , in his book "" La scuola giusta ."	writer
male	2	His primary teacher was Sol Schoenbach of the Curtis Institute of Music and he took chamber music classes with Marcel Tabuteau .	teacher
male	10	Girolamo Cattaneo ( active 1540–1584 ) was an Italian military writer who in his lifetime was regarded as one of the foremost masters of military architecture .	writer
male	10	Berhanu Zerihun ( 1933/4 – 1987 ) was an Ethiopian writer noted for his clear and crisp writing style , which contrasted against the more complex writing style popular in his time .	writer
male	6	"Within the next few years the writer turned his attention to educational problems , and in his "" Cartilha maternal "" ( 1876 ) first expressed the conclusions to which his study of Pestalozzi and Fröbel had led him ."	writer
male	0	"Writer Steve Binnie , in his 2014 book "" The Sound of the Crowd "" , described the album as having "" limped "" to its chart position ."	writer
male	7	Within the next year , a local tailor cured his leprosy by washing in the same spring .	tailor
male	5	"He taught me that a writer gives up his homeland and is always a foreigner wherever he finds himself . """	writer
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	18	"Thus , in Robert Bloch 's tale "" The Shambler from the Stars "" , a weird fiction writer seals his doom by casting a spell from the arcane book "" De Vermis Mysteriis "" ."	writer
male	18	"In his story "" The Ugly Duckling "" , Irish playwright , novelist , and short - story writer Frank O'Connor writes of the relationship between a man and his home town ."	writer
male	5	At school , Etan 's teacher noticed his absence but did not report it to the principal .	teacher
male	1	His teacher conveyed this incident to Imam 's father and he keeping in view the learning quest of his son , decided to dedicate the life of his son for the service and promotion of the cause of Islam .	teacher
male	2	"A Flemish writer called Willem , in around 1250 to 1255 , identifies himself in his poem "" Van den Vos Reinaerde "" as "" Willem die Madoc maecte "" ( Willem , the author of Madoc , known as "" Willem the Minstrel "" ) ."	writer
male	1	"The writer himself has confessed in his book """	writer
male	27	In his article “ Pädagogische Religion ” ( Educational Religion ) , he describes how the capacity for creative teaching can begin to grow : “ The teacher must always ask himself how he can develop a sense of closeness to the child . ”	teacher
male	10	"In his novel "" Ganadevata "" , the noted Bengali writer Tarashankar Bandopadhyay quotes a rural rhyme :"	writer
male	11	For inserting it into nursing praxis it is demanding that the nurse perceive the client and himself as a whole for both are benefitted by this strategy use .	nurse
male	6	"Seven years after the hearings , writer Guenter Lewy claimed in his book , "" America in Vietnam "" , that allegations against Marines were investigated by the Naval Investigative Service ."	writer
male	10	Atherton 's mother Elizabeth ( née Clague ) was a tailor and furrier and his father William a postman .	tailor
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	9	O'Sullivan 's first husband was the Australian - American writer , award - winning director and Catholic convert John Villiers Farrow , from 12 September 1936 until his death on 28 January 1963 .	writer
male	2	The Welsh writer Norman Lewis , in his celebrated account of life in Naples claimed that the King 's Dragoon Guards was the first British unit to reach Naples in 1943 , and that many of its officers immediately went on a looting spree , cutting paintings from their frames in the prince 's palace .	writer
male	4	An activist , a writer , and a neurophysiologist , he is celebrated for his part in the campaign to expose and halt the political abuse of psychiatry in the Soviet Union .	writer
male	7	"Until his death in 1895 the Austria writer , Leopold von Sacher - Masoch , lived in the "" Mollerschen Landhaus "" , a wing of the house ."	writer
male	27	Every chapter features a Serbian language translation of the song lyrics , except the chapter on `` Walk This Way '' which features an apology by the writer who states he can not translate the song lyrics -LRB- possibly because of the slang or the sexual innuendo featured in the lyrics -RRB- .	writer
male	10	He attended Middlebury College and later , the prestigious Iowa Writer ' s Workshop , where he was a teaching-writing fellow and winner of the Glenn Schaeffer Award .	writer
male	11	The Jean Paul Museum in Joditz keeps the memory of the writer and his childhood spent in Upper Franconia .	writer
male	0	Clerk and his fellow Caribbean missionaries were self - motivated and adapted quickly despite the initial homesickness and learnt the indigenous languages of Akan and Ga.	clerk
male	8	His mother , Lottie , was a school teacher and his father , Kennell , was a building contractor .	teacher
male	6	Beginning in 2016 , artist - writer Terry Beatty often put Rex back in medical settings , either at his clinic or in the hospital .	writer
male	6	"On 21 November 1811 , German writer Heinrich von Kleist shot himself on the shore of the "" Kleiner Wannsee "" and , at her bidding , his lover , Henriette Vogel ."	writer
male	6	His mother was a primary school teacher and his father a doctor .	teacher
male	20	After receiving a master 's degree in engineering and engineering from MADGTU and an additional specialty , the Russian language teacher returned to his homeland , where in 1992 - 1993 he worked as technical director at PROMECYF ( Factory of Armored Vehicles and Defense ) .	teacher
male	7	The award recognises his achievements as a teacher , researcher and innovator , including his exceptional contributions to nanomedicine , as well as his active community engagement .	teacher
male	10	Spencer attended Boronia Park Public School , where his favourite teacher , Ms Russell , nurtured his lifelong love of mathematics when he was in second grade , in 1976 .	teacher
male	5	At Lynn High , a teacher noticed his unique ability to find patterns of mathematics and replicate them , and asked him to teach his peers .	teacher
male	6	Because of his unskillful answer the teacher reaps the result of living 500 lives as a wild fox .	teacher
male	15	"Diane Gallagher - Hayashi at Library Journal comments on "" explicit sexual relationship between a teacher and his young student "" should change the rating of the manga from 16 + to 18 + ."	teacher
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	2	Before the nurse puts a white sheet over his lifeless face , his eyes briefly open up .	nurse
male	2	"One sports writer opened his game coverage as follows:""Bundle up when you go out in the cold , Dennis Brown ."	writer
male	1	The writer , Gary Whitta , stated he wanted the audience to figure out the nuclear event slowly .	writer
male	3	The visual arts teacher , employed for 27 years , told reporters that he had been inviting nude models without any complaint for nearly ten years .	teacher
male	9	His mother , Amelie Menéndez , was an English teacher and his father , René García Núñez , was an avocado farmer and attorney in Cuba who later owned a fragrance business in the United States .	teacher
male	6	"According to his biography , famed writer Jean Cocteau visited Violetta at Luna Park , Paris in 1927 , describing her as "" a stubborn German woman . """	writer
male	19	When interviewed , Montalvo expressed that he was widely underestimated early in his career , noting that even his teacher was skeptical of his potential .	teacher
male	19	Gretchen is the publicist for a rap trio and lives in a chaotic apartment , while Jimmy , a writer , can support himself in upscale Silver Lake and drive a BMW despite having published only one novel , written during his post - breakup depression , that has sold little and been remaindered at the local bookstore .	writer
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	2	"The aspiring writer was focusing his work on prose pieces largely inspired by Romanian folklore and the 19th - century adventure novel , publishing , under the pen name "" Moș Ion Popescu "" ( "" Old Man Ion Popescu "" ) , short stories with "" hajduk "" protagonists ."	writer
male	3	The famous Swiss writer Charles-Ferdinand Ramuz suffered a stroke at 65 years , which he called ' the adventure ' or ' the accident ' .	writer
male	0	Nurse with Wound , originally a three - piece ensemble , is Stapleton 's main outlet for his musical work , occasionally in collaboration with other musicians such as Foetus or William Bennett ( of Whitehouse ) .	nurse
male	2	Martin 's assistant , Charlie , sends his henchmen to follow Jenny in order to find Jeffrey .	assistant
male	1	Another writer and amateur magician recounts how happy he was the day Jack Flosso first invited him to see the back room , and tells of having bumped into , on various visits to the shop , such diverse notables as illusionist David Copperfield , magic enthusiast Muhammad Ali , and even Larry Fine ' s granddaughter , a performing clown magician in New York .	writer
male	11	His high conception of the calling and the responsibility of a teacher of the Law , as well as his mild judgment of the multitude , was expressed in his interpretation of Isaiah 58:1 :	teacher
male	41	These included the absence of proven treatment and reliable diagnostic technology of SARS , the risk of personal safety , the shortage of personal protective equipment ( PPE ) and the psychological trauma resulted from the death of the first infected nurse who lost his life on duty .	nurse
male	4	His mother was a teacher and his Father who was initially a teacher became a banker .	teacher
male	19	Tulio Borgias ( born December 2 , 1991 ) is a Brazilian internet celebrity YouTuber , podcaster , e writer , known for the Borgias and ZDS YouTube channels and also for his fantastic tales series Silence Antigo .	writer
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	"A coronial inquest found that the clerk "" came to his death ... of his own act , but the evidence does not show whether such taking was accidental or incidental . """	clerk
male	24	Lady Moyra Blanche Madeleine Browne , DBE , GCStJ ( née Ponsonby ; 2 March 1918 – 4 December 2016 ) was a British nurse and the only daughter of the 9th Earl of Bessborough , an Anglo - Irish peer , and his wife Roberte .	nurse
male	2	The original writer mistakenly put that he had `` held the seat since Hawaii became a State in 1959 '' .	writer
male	2	Bresillac 's assistant in Lyon , Augustin Planque took his position as Superior General , but unlike Bresillac , Planque stayed in Europe to provide support for the mission and in the eyes of the pope to ensure credibility of the mission .	assistant
male	13	Having taken up his residence at Brussels , in 1818 Jacotot was nominated teacher of the French language at the University of Louvain , where he systematized the educational principles which he had already practised successfully in France .	teacher
male	3	But a drafting teacher in his vocational school , noting his ability at sketching and cartooning , encouraged him to try architecture , and he enrolled in the University of Texas architecture program .	teacher
male	31	Then the Director points out that they ' ll need a place to put the Alpha where no one will be able to think to look for it , then the Counselor says he believes he knows a place , Blood Gulch .	counselor
male	9	Vikram purchases the ticket in his name , the teacher and his friend purchase theirs , and Vikram 's father , Bade Thakur Sahib , uncle Chhote Thakur Sahib ( real brother of Vikram 's father , ) and elder brother ( Prakash ) also each buy tickets .	teacher
male	7	"As he says , "" what a writer asks of his reader is not so much to "" like "" as to "" listen "" "" ."	writer
male	6	In his Silent Way , the teacher does not model sounds , but encourages experimentation on the part of students , and gives them feedback on how closely they are approaching their targets .	teacher
male	19	The top official in the district , Mohammad Rahim Amin , claimed that the incident occurred when a local teacher provided shelter for the commander in his home .	teacher
male	23	Born in Ourouer - les - Bourdelins ( Cher ) , Massicault was the child of two teachers and was at first a teacher himself , but then became a journalist at the daily Le Progrès in Lyon .	teacher
male	12	After he married on 13 October 1854 he commenced business as a tailor himself in Llanrwst , and remained there for the rest of his life .	tailor
male	6	"Jeff Vande Zande is an American writer who is best known for his novel called "" American Poet "" which won him the "" Stuart and Vernice Gross Literature Award "" ."	writer
male	5	He continued as his lab assistant gaining his first doctorate ( MD ) in 1901 and second ( DSc ) in 1903 .	assistant
male	13	Holdman 's interest in stained glass began in high school , when a teacher saw his potential and acted as a sort of mentor to Holdman 's interests .	teacher
male	2	A French writer expounds his encounter with an English writer and all that that brought on .	writer
male	20	"Ladewski responded ,   Regarding those who refused to vote for McGwire , "" St. Louis Post - Dispatch "" writer Bernie Miklasz stood by his vote for him , and criticized those he termed self - appointed "" morality police "" : "" I saw what happened in 1998 , I saw that it was good for the game , I saw the baseball establishment all approved of it , even though we all looked at McGwire and had some doubts about the source of his strength ."	writer
male	3	"Common Sense Media writer Renee Schonfeld said in his 2012 review that it was "" an amateurish effort with a grating villain , tired jokes , and sub - par music "" ."	writer
male	5	A dramatist and short story writer , he is known above all for his novels , several of which feature the detective Edgar El Zurdo Mendieta .	writer
male	5	His mother was a school teacher and his father taught calligraphy .	teacher
male	13	"Ian McDonald ( born 18 April 1933 ) is a Caribbean - born writer who describes himself as "" Antiguan by ancestry , Trinidadian by birth , Guyanese by adoption , and West Indian by conviction ."	writer
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	36	"A native of Mobile , Alabama , Burnett joined the Baptist ministry in 1911 , preaching "" good old - fashioned sermons in a manner made famous by the Reverend J. M. Gates "" , as writer Lerone A. Martin noted in his book "" Preaching on Wax : The Phonograph and the Shaping of Modern African American Religion "" ."	writer
male	4	His success as a writer and his community involvement won him recognition .	writer
male	5	Sourced article on a prolific writer whose notability appears to be challenged just because he happens to write in a language other than English .	writer
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	17	In the commercial , Bacon wants to write a check to buy a book , but the clerk asks for his ID , which he does not have .	clerk
male	25	"I got a first - class degree , and was a hopeless teacher "" Harty later said , however his friend and Oxford contemporary the writer Alan Bennett commented in his 2016 memoir entitled "" Keeping on , Keeping on "" : '"	writer
male	14	"In his book "" Words of My Perfect Teacher "" , the Tibetan Buddhist teacher Patrul Rinpoche describes three degrees of bodhicitta :"	teacher
male	15	"The famous Uruguayan writer Eduardo Galeano tells a thrilling story involving the player and the writer himself in his latest book entitled "" The Hunter Stories "" pages 218 and 219"	writer
male	5	Four decades later , sports writer Grantland Rice included Felton on his list of the finest college kickers he had ever seen .	writer
male	1	The teacher and his family joined them a few days later .	teacher
male	3	Frazier was reading clerk for the Democratic National Convention in 1932 , when he followed his friend , Senator Alben W .	clerk
male	4	"Both have what one writer calls his "" simplicity , quiet dignity and rugged elegance ."	writer
male	16	Then it investigates his graduate and postgraduate education and delves into his varied roles as a teacher , researcher , civil servant , and administrator , as well as his appointments to various advisory bodies , enquiries , boards and associations and concludes with a commentary on Oswald Hall 's accomplishments .	teacher
male	15	"A Frenchman named Fontive , who wrote the "" Postman "" , was Roper 's assistant , and afterwards his partner ."	assistant
male	1	"Music writer Jeff Wagner , in his book "" Mean Deviation : Four Decades of Progressive Heavy Metal "" , stated that "" any viewer of "" 3rd Rock from the Sun "" , "" That ' 70s Show "" , "" The Price Is Right "" , "" Queer as Folk "" , and any number of random television programs has probably stumbled across Cynic 's core members without even knowing it . """	writer
male	1	The librarian is meeting his responsibility to the patient when he performs the duties of selecting materials , cataloging these materials speedily and thoroughly , and giving reference service to library users .	librarian
male	10	"It is worth noting that in his Geography the ancient writer Ptolemy mentions two tribes ( of unknown ethnic affiliation ) named "" Racatae "" and "" Racatriae "" which inhabit the areas around the Danube River "" up to his bend "" , roughly corresponding to the region north of Vienna and southwestern Slovakia ."	writer
male	4	His father , a teacher , was known for his socialism and pacifism .	teacher
male	11	"The study is cast as one of "" the trained Negro laborer , his education , opportunity , wages and work "" ."	laborer
male	2	A former assistant at St. Adalbert 's , Father Slominski began his work in Cicero on May 30 , 1895 .	assistant
male	10	Though Ohba did not want Soichiro to die , the writer felt that he had to because the character ' s continued existence would have interfered with too many of the already set up plot points .	writer
male	3	The Greek travel writer Pausanias , he notes , contradicts himself by saying at one point that Eros welcomed Aphrodite into the world , and at another that Eros was the son of Aphrodite and the youngest of the gods .	writer
male	6	They were accompanied by Todd 's assistant , 24-year - old Edward Cracknell and his wife .	assistant
male	6	It follows Tony , a struggling writer and his partner Greg .	writer
male	2	A vigilant nurse , not for a moment leaving Shura , sits Chizhik at his bed , literally fighting with death .	nurse
male	3	"All rights reserved nurse examined his medical condition , the patient said , "" When I try to sleep , I ca n't sleep because I remember ICU stay , "" "" The news that popular comedian died from a coronavirus made me feel anxious and scared , "" and "" It 's hard to see people die while playing games . "" Therefore , in his outpatient visit 28 days after discharge , we assessed his mental status ."	nurse
male	2	"Yet , writer Gore Vidal , in his autobiography "" Point to Point Navigation "" , recounted that Gable demanded that Cukor be fired off "" Wind "" because , according to Cukor , the young Gable had been a male hustler and Cukor had been one of his johns ."	writer
male	8	"In his book "" Tramps Abroad "" , writer Mark Twain in 1895 wrote of the break of gauge at Albury and changing trains : "" “"	writer
male	3	"Hume , a teacher from Derry , presented himself as a spokesman for an emerging "" third force "" : a "" generation of younger Catholics in the North "" frustrated with a "" flags and slogans "" nationalism whose seeming indifference to "" the general welfare of Northern Ireland "" had made "" the task of Unionist ascendancy simpler ."	teacher
male	9	Lee Run Hu (; 1913–1947 ) was a Singaporean writer and poet who was remembered for his contributions to the development of Chinese literature and literary writing in Malaya .	writer
male	15	"Indeed , in his "" Chronology of the Ancient Nations "" , the native Iranian writer Biruni indicates unavailability of certain native Iranian historiographical sources in the post - Achaemenid era , especially during the Parthian Empire ."	writer
male	24	Paul Torluemke came from a dark and violent past and worked as a bartender , truck driver and most notably as a magician 's assistant to Wesley Whitehouse and his biggest claim to fame was the ( non - credited ) invention of the stiff rope trick for Whitehouse and an appearance on The Ed Sullivan Show .	assistant
male	13	"William George Thompson ( born 6 October 1960 ) is an English technology writer , best known for his weekly column in the Technology section of BBC News Online and his appearances on "" Digital Planet "" , a radio show on the BBC World Service ."	writer
male	11	He was asked at a business meeting in Hong Kong what teacher had most affected his life .	teacher
male	9	""" Sheppey "" is the story of a hardworking hairdresser who generally considers himself to be a lucky man and then has that self - belief proved when he wins a considerable sum of money ."	hairdresser
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	5	Ultimately , Ross teamed with writer Mark Waid , who was recommended by DC editors due to his strong familiarity with the history of DC superheroes .	writer
male	2	A dedicated teacher , for five decades Wilson taught painting in his various studios in Manhattan and later New Jersey , and lectured to museum- and gallery - visiting classes for Brandeis University and NYU .	teacher
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	11	In 1973 Waterbolk still applauded Vermaning for his discoveries while his assistant , Dick Stapert , was performing his doctoral studies on the findings of Vermaning .	assistant
male	0	"writer Rick Reilly said of Walker shortly before his death :   """	writer
male	1	ESPN.com writer Mark Schlabach ranked the Red Raiders # 12 in his preseason poll and later # 11 and # 8 in revised editions of his preseason polls .	writer
male	3	Telugu actor , writer Tanikella Bharani treats Mallikarjuna Rao as his guru and to his credit Mallikarjuna Rao introduced L.B. Sriram , actor cum writer to director Vamsi , who gave chance to LB Sriram in his movie .	writer
male	2	Alope 's nurse , in fear , revealed to the King that the child was Alope 's , and he ordered that his daughter be imprisoned and buried alive , and the child exposed .	nurse
male	1	A writer in the Journal of Theological Studies -LRB- 1907 -RRB- , VIII , 354-359 , contended that he belonged to the family of the seigneurs of Montpellier in Languedoc , and was born at Murles .	writer
male	20	Born into a family of scholars , on September 9 , 1910 , in Mysore , the late “ model teacher ” did his postgraduation in Kannada in 1933 .	teacher
male	21	Vampire is a 2011 dramatic horror - thriller film directed and written by Shunji Iwai and starring Kevin Zegers as a teacher who believes himself to be a blood - drinking vampire .	teacher
male	5	With time he became a teacher himself .	teacher
male	0	"Writer / director Lewis drew upon his own relationship experiences with a meth addict in creating the film : "" A lot of things in the film are conversations and events I had , and a lot of direct quotes [ became ] lines ..."	writer
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	His father was an actor and music teacher ; his mother , Mary Somerville , an actress and singer .	teacher
male	6	He once said to the same assistant that , when facing a business dilemma , he would sometimes ask himself what the 17th - century French statesman Cardinal - Duc de Richelieu , whose genius for intrigue he admired , might do in a similar situation .	assistant
male	5	He is Steven 's favorite teacher and his mentor .	teacher
male	28	Semmelweis ' achievements and the tragedy of his life had been given their due place in the history of mankind , Alexander Fränkel , formerly Theodor Billroth 's assistant and later his biographer , critically stated that the discoverer of the causes of puerperal fever should have defended his discovery with facts rather than with fanaticism .	assistant
male	2	"The Whig writer Lord Hervey , in his "" Ancient and Modern Liberty Stated and Compared "" ( 1734 ) , argued that until the Revolution of 1688 there was no liberty in England ."	writer
male	5	Printer ' s Devil A writer learns that his new agent can make his novels succeed , and all he needs is a small sacrifice involving animals .	writer
male	1	The nurse has it out for him , and when Ivan sees Neto faking to take a pill , he injects the drug through a syringe .	nurse
male	22	Leszek Miller was born in Żyrardów , Miller comes from a poor , working - class family : His father was a tailor and his mother a needlewoman .	tailor
male	12	"In this Maurois notes that to some extent , "" ' Every writer creates his own precursors ' "" , finally noting that Borges ' stories can be described by "" ' an absurd postulate developed to its extreme logical consequences ' "" , making "" a game for [ Borges ' ] mind "" ."	writer
male	1	The writer , Faiz Ahmad Faiz , was later imprisoned by the government for his communist beliefs .	writer
male	7	His mother was a Scottish - born nurse and his father a London - based physician .	nurse
male	7	The son of a Javanese primary school teacher , an aristocrat named , and his Hindu Balinese wife from the Brahmin varna named from Buleleng , Sukarno was born in Surabaya in the Dutch East Indies ( now Indonesia ) , where his father had been sent following an application for a transfer to Java .	teacher
male	1	As writer Michael Bracewell notes in his book	writer
male	8	Like many Barbadian cricketers from humble circumstances , Nurse started his cricket career in the Barbados Cricket League .	nurse
male	10	In his book , except in certain details , the writer only expressed in the language of the eighteenth century the teaching of the scholastic doctors on the popular origin of political sovereignty , a doctrine commonly taught from Thomas Aquinas to Suarez and Bellarmine , which does not exclude the Divine origin of the same sovereignty .	writer
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	7	They find that the old man 's housekeeper , the former Mrs Veal , now Mrs Hewlett , married him on his deathbed and inherited his entire estate .	housekeeper
male	1	A writer is battling himself to make his stuff better .	writer
male	12	His mother , Ingeborg ( b. 1944 ) , worked as a hairdresser and his father , Walter ( 1939–1996 ) , was a salesman who sold home entertainment products in the 1970s and later .	hairdresser
male	1	The writer made his debut as a visual artist with a photographic documentation of the impact of Hurricane Matthew on the Historic District of Savannah in 2016 .	writer
male	5	On 30 September 2018 Syriac writer Suleiman Yussef was arrested in Qamishli by Sutoro for his political views .	writer
male	14	When Barbara returns dead tired from her trip and plops into bed , the writer can not restrain his impatience and asks her if she slept with Allen .	writer
male	24	Often , the surviving counselors of the late president will be called as counselors in the new First Presidency , but a notably infirm counselor may revert to his place among the Twelve Apostles with a healthier man called as counselor in his place .	counselor
male	11	His father was a native of Alsace who worked as a tailor and his mother was from East Frisia in Germany .	tailor
male	9	Showcasing his football skills at school , his PE teacher saw his talent and recommended him to RKS Stocznia Północna , a now defunct team in Gdańsk .	teacher
male	24	At the age of twelve his family moved to Chatenay - Malabry and he went to school in Lakanal at Sceaux where his history teacher encouraged his interests in archaeology .	teacher
male	24	"As a street artist , he took the name "" elSeed "" from the French play , "" El Cid , "" which his teacher was reading to his class in school ."	teacher
male	29	Elgin expresses remorse to the Doctor about the enslavement of the Kar - Charratians not realising that they were sentient , but the Doctor is not moved as the librarian and his people had not even tried to communicate with the natives .	librarian
male	6	As a mountaineer and a travelogue writer himself , Tarar has long promoted the cause of tourism projects in the Northern Areas of Pakistan .	writer
male	1	His assistant and successor Paul Boyer also worked his way up from the bottom , running an agency for a while , then becoming a director , director - general from 1915 to 1926 and president from 1919 to 1939 .  	assistant
male	15	"Some sense of what happened is provided by this account : "" She [ the nurse ] elevated the back of the man 's bed , removed his oxygen mask , and ordered him to open his mouth ."	nurse
male	10	In the Donnerverse , Eve is Lex Luthor 's closest assistant and apparently his love interest , although she is also attracted to her employer 's arch - foe Superman .	assistant
male	9	She was born in Bodø as a daughter of tailor , editor and missionary Jakob Andreas Hanssen and his wife Mathilde Dahl .	tailor
male	1	"The writer himself commented : "" the first to come here , my great - great - grandfather , was English , born in Gibraltar ."	writer
male	12	His mother , Shari ( Lienert ) McGill , was a school teacher and his father , Paul McGill II , was a sock salesman .	teacher
male	13	In Universal 's 1943 adaptation , he is disfigured when the publisher 's assistant throws etching acid in his face .	assistant
male	38	Currie took advantage of the disappearance of a teacher at Bardsley so that he could take his place and interact with Tim , but this only caused problems for both as Tim ' s stepbrother Cyril saw the teacher die whilst potholing under the school and used the status he gained from controlling the other boys ' access to the body to turn the school against the new teacher and Tim , although his influence only lasted until Tim and Currie removed the body and the teacher resigned .	teacher
male	5	Dennis was praised by another teacher , who said he `` could draw well , and made his own colors from native woods .	teacher
male	10	At his request , long - term Bionicle comic book writer and story contributor Greg Farshtey was given permission to continue the Bionicle storyline , with chapters for new serials arranged to be posted regularly on the website BionicleStory.com .	writer
male	13	"TNT and Dan the Dyna - Mite are the secret identities of chemistry teacher and track coach Thomas N. "" Tex "" Thomas and his student Daniel Dunbar ."	teacher
male	0	Nurse stated that he `` went on to score lots of goals and was lucky enough to appear in a number of finals and promotion winning teams '' , as well as saying it was during this time that he `` really learnt how to play football '' .	nurse
male	1	"A writer for "" ACE "" enjoyed the game 's animation and depth , but he noted that fans of text - based adventures would dislike the game 's simplicity . """	writer
male	19	"K. K. Raina is an Indian film , television and theatre character actor , and award - winning script writer , who is best known for his roles as "" Juror # 8 "" in the 1986 film """	writer
male	10	"In his book "" Shadow of the Panther , "" writer Hugh Pearson alleges that Newton was intoxicated in the hours before the incident , and claimed to have willfully killed John Frey ."	writer
male	5	That was the year her teacher , Hakuyu Taizan Maezumi , had been confronted by his students about his alcoholism and sexual liaisons with some female students .	teacher
male	1	This writer modeled his style after Valerius Antias and Licinius Macer .	writer
male	6	Only when the newspaper ' s accountant , Victor Goddet , said he would put the company ' s funds into the scheme did Desgrange accept the idea .	accountant
male	3	"In 1911 Indian writer Sukumar Ray wrote home to his parents about the NIA , which he described as "" ' MissManning 's Association "" ."	writer
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	2	"Artist / Writer Dan Noonan in a 1968 interview reminisced about his time working for Lebeck at Western Publishing in the 1940s : "" Lebeck was a wonderful man to work for , and he was really the only comic book impresario that , in my opinion , ever deserved the name ..."	writer
male	12	Around the time Bernard graduated from the RCM , he met the writer and critic Paul Dehn with whom he started a professional relationship , but who also became his life partner .	writer
male	5	"In year 1931 , the writer Josep Pla dedicated a book to his thought entitled "" El sistema de Francesc Pujols ."	writer
male	3	SpongeBob asks the clerk if he could buy the one he is displaying , but the clerk reveals it ' s not genuine and is for display , and SpongeBob can only find the cards by buying packs .	clerk
male	6	FitzGerald , a poet and fiction writer himself , was the first faculty member to teach a creative writing course .	writer
male	13	He came from a family of teachers , and trained to be a teacher himself at the University of Maryland , College Park , earning a B.S. degree in mathematics education in 1980 and an M.S. degree in the same field in 1986 .	teacher
male	33	"Urban wrote : "" perhaps the most striking element in Hubbard 's early fiction that reappears in his later Scientology writings is his emphasis on the unlimited , even godlike power of the writer himself ."	writer
male	6	Garth is Jim 's Native American assistant and his best friend .	assistant
male	1	"Baseball writer John Thorn commented in his book , "" Baseball in the Garden of Eden : The Secret History of the Early Game , "" that Creighton "" was baseball 's first hero , and I believe , the most important player not inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame . ""  "	writer
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	Petracha had familial connections to Narai , with his mother being the king ’s wet nurse and his sister being the king ’s concubine .	nurse
male	7	Especially in his old age , the writer emphasized his family 's humble background and his status as a self - made man .	writer
male	5	It is stated that the writer is a regular visitor at Taranath ’s house , sometimes with his friends , sometimes alone .	writer
male	18	The Governor of Jing Province Liu Biao , an old ally of Yuan Shao , had the famed writer Wang Can write a letter each to Yuan Tan and Yuan Shang on his behalf , urging them to fight against their nemesis Cao Cao , not amongst themselves .	writer
male	11	Due to his perseverance and loyalty in this path , his teacher granted him the khilafetname ( the official representation ) of the Nurbakhshiyya and Kubrawiyya orders of Islamic mysticism .	teacher
male	2	"The Haarlem writer Samuel Ampzing mentions both brothers in his "" Praise of Haarlem "" with a poem stating that both brothers were exceptional ; Frans painting his portraits "" awake "" , and Dirck painting his figures "" purely "" ."	writer
male	17	"In his book "" Kind of Blue : The Making of a Miles Davis Masterpiece "" , writer Ashley Kahn wrote "" still acknowledged as the height of hip , four decades after it was recorded , "" Kind of Blue "" is the premier album of its era , jazz or otherwise ."	writer
male	2	His lifelong teacher Jack Grout noticed that he had become much too upright with his full swing , causing a steep , oblique approach into the ball , compared with a more direct hit ; this was corrected by slightly flattening his backswing .	teacher
male	13	Helmut Franz ( 1911 – 30 January 2002 ) was a German academic teacher and conductor who was known particularly for his work as a choral conductor .	teacher
male	2	"The anonymous writer called the temple a "" summer restaurant "" decorated with motives from the Biological museum in Stockholm and he considered the dresses in the painting to be as preposterous as a Swedish farm with camels walking around the dunghill ."	writer
male	2	Her dance teacher , Minnie Hooper , tried to pair her up with Cyril Richard who was a handsome actor , but he could n't dance .	teacher
male	18	However , Mika refuses to cooperate with the Fit Mix Campaign which leads him into trouble with the Nurse and his Principal Mr. Gray .	nurse
male	1	Its writer , director , and co - executive producer , Sam Raimi , was a week shy of his twenty - second birthday ; star and co - executive producer Bruce Campbell was twenty - three .	writer
male	1	The teacher suspected that he had plagiarized the work and gave him an `` F '' grade for the assignment .	teacher
male	5	In the late 1990s , writer Nathan Zuckerman ( Gary Sinise ) has settled in a lakeside New England cabin following his second divorce and a battle with prostate cancer .	writer
male	1	A teacher recommended that he participate theater school .	teacher
male	3	"Another American Evangelical writer , James B. Nelson , notes in his book , "" Embodiment : An Approach to Sexuality and Christian Theology "" , that "" The physiological intensity typical in masturbatory orgasm frequently surpasses that of intercourse , and relational fantasies usually accompany the act in compensation for the absence of the partner "" , implying this is a gift from God for those who lack a spouse ."	writer
male	1	The writer tells us that King Dovenaldus ruled the Cumbrians , and that he was Cathr o e ' s kinsman .	writer
male	6	But this unnatural relationship between a teacher and his student stirs up a little trouble in their college .	teacher
male	7	After planning the in-class activities , the teacher uses the answers just before his lecture to adapt his teaching agilely to the answers of the students .	teacher
male	52	"Born at Cheapside , City of London , as William Hobman Hunt , to warehouse manager William Hunt ( 1800–1856 ) and Sarah ( c. 1798–1884 ) , daughter of William Hobman , of Rotherhithe Hunt adopted the name "" Holman "" instead of "" Hobman "" when he discovered that a clerk had misspelled the name that way after his baptism at the Anglican church of Saint Mary the Virgin , Ewell , England ."	clerk
male	1	"Javanese writer Pramoedya Ananta Toer later criticized the policies in his 1961 book "" Hoakiau di Indonesia "" ."	writer
male	9	GhasemKhani 's brother , Mehrab GhasemKhani is also a writer and his spouse , Shaghayegh Dehghan is an actress .	writer
male	5	He was also a gifted teacher and his students included Gearóid Ó hAllmhuráin , Noel Hill , Gerald Haugh and Miriam Collins .	teacher
male	1	"The teacher told his mother , "" Oscar is unusually gifted but he really needs to be better at following the rules ."	teacher
male	13	It was at this point in Athens history where the forensic speech - writer made his first appearance .	writer
male	15	"In his book "" Drum ' n ' Bass : The Rough Guide "" , writer Peter Shapiro wrote that "" Bass Is Maternal "" was released to "" a rather lukewarm reception . """	writer
male	8	"Referring to the island of Patmos where the writer experienced his vision , Maclaren continues , "" The sad and solitary and estranging ocean that raged around his little rock sanctuary has passed away for ever "" ."	writer
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	1	The nurse lost his job .	nurse
male	19	This movie based on a triangle tragic love story set in a classical village of Bangladesh directed by the writer himself .	writer
male	1	The Teacher informs him that he can deliver an artifact to Aringarosa so valuable to the Church that it will give Opus Dei extreme leverage over the Vatican .	teacher
male	1	The writer Mark Twain is an icon of St. Louis in his own right , and wrote prolifically about the steamboats along the river .	writer
male	16	"Upon noticing that Schoen was not paying attention in class and writing music , his chemistry teacher stopped by his desk and said , "" Someone needs this chair more than you do . """	teacher
male	19	"After lukewarm reviews of her two previous novels , Francis Iles ( Anthony Berkeley Cox ) felt that the writer was back on form in his review in "" The Guardian "" 's issue of 11 December 1964 : "" Mrs Agatha Christie has done it again ."	writer
male	1	"The writer Pierre Deveaux also describes the brothel in his book "" La Langue verte "" and describes in detail a mechanical piano , the guests and anecdotes about the women :"	writer
male	8	"However , "" New York Times "" dance writer Alastair Macaulay disagreed with his colleague Isherwood ."	writer
male	18	Farrand started his first full - time job , when he was 17 years old , as a clerk for the wholesale drug firm Farrand , Williams & Clark founded by his father .	clerk
male	0	Writer Bryan J. L. Glass won the Harvey Award in 2009 for Best New Talent for his work on Mice Templar , Mice Templar won the Harvey Award in 2010 for Best Graphic Album of Previously Published Work	writer
male	7	But with the difference that while the writer possesses his word , the photographer is himself possessed by his photo , by the limit of the real which he must transcend so as not to become its prisoner .	writer
male	1	"A writer for the "" Chicago Tribune "" described his pitching style as "" herky - jerky windmill style "" ."	writer
male	13	"Julien Benda commended Proust in "" La Trahison des clercs "" as a writer who distinguished himself from his generation by avoiding the twin traps of nationalism and class sectarianism ."	writer
male	1	This writer was favorite also for his friend artist Nicholas Zalevsky with whom he graduated Kyiv 's Shevchenko State Art School in 1968 .	writer
male	20	Babbit ran the sessions for a month until animator Hardie Gramatky suggested that they recruit Don Graham ; the art teacher from the Chouinard Institute taught his first class at the studio on November 15 , 1932 , and was joined by Phil Dike a few weeks later .	teacher
male	5	Also featured were Bell 's assistant , Toki , portrayed by Lani Miyazaki , and his police contact , Hank McClure , played by Horace McMahon .	assistant
male	12	Zermelo remained at the University of Berlin , where he was appointed assistant to Planck , under whose guidance he began to study hydrodynamics .	assistant
male	3	"One Sydney cricket writer described his innings as being of "" almost prehistoric majesty and virility "" ."	writer
male	19	"Campese scored two tries against Italy in Australia 's first Test of the 1986 season , with what rugby writer Terry Smith in "" Path to Victory "" described as "" probably his most complete display in Australia 's colours . """	writer
male	21	Fang Shimin ( ) , better known by his pen name Fang Zhouzi ( ) , is a Chinese popular science writer who is primarily known for his campaign against pseudoscience and fraud in China .	writer
male	4	"The nineteenth - century writer and naturalist Henry William Herbert , writing as Frank Forrester , popularized the area with his 1845 book , "" The Warwick Woodlands . """	writer
male	9	His father , Michel Essebag , was a chartered accountant and his mother a housewife .	accountant
male	32	When Jeffrey Toobin published his 1999 book , A Vast Conspiracy , that also alleged Goldberg had told friends that she had an affair with Lyndon Johnson , and a Washington Post writer claimed he and others had overheard Goldberg bragging about an affair with Vice President Hubert Humphrey as well , Goldberg threatened Toobin and Random House with a libel suit , denied both affairs , and denied telling any such stories .	writer
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	1	A tailor in Gloucester sends his cat Simpkin to buy food and a twist of cherry - coloured silk to complete a waistcoat commissioned by the mayor for his wedding on Christmas morning .	tailor
male	0	Nurse began his professional career in the English non - League system as a dynamic young midfielder who was a part of the youth academy at Kingstonian F.C before featuring for the reserve team & impressive displays during pre - season saw him rewarded with a place in the senior squad .	nurse
male	15	A20 Ford got a late start in the race , and a New York Times writer opined that he overestimated his chances of unseating Cranston .	writer
male	1	The teacher told him that he had a talent of great use , and introduced him to the artist Dandavatimath .	teacher
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	11	But what really made him remarkable was his work as a writer and his influence upon Portuguese society socialist realism .	writer
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	10	Despite his injury , Plantey 's high school physical education teacher encouraged him to continue practicing sports such as basketball , volleyball and handball .	teacher
male	3	"Dent 's corrupt assistant , Vernon Fields , provides Maroni prior to his court appearance with "" stomach medicine "" for a supposed ulcer ."	assistant
male	4	His father was a clerk and his mother a housewife .	clerk
male	5	"At around that time , writer Corneliu Vadim Tudor reported to the Securitate , accusing Ivașcu himself of "" ideological subversion "" ."	writer
male	14	Stephen Nye ( 1648–1719 ) was an English clergyman , known as a theological writer and for his Unitarian views .	writer
male	14	During the summer holidays , a mechanic driver , a restaurant , and a teacher were in a primary school during his university studies .  	teacher
male	18	It was at this time that Banlu acquired his fight name , `` Coban , '' from a teacher of his who said that he looked like the actor Charles Bronson while riding on his Buffalo .	teacher
male	13	"Salinger 's literary representative told "" The New York Times "" that the writer had broken his hip in May 2009 , but that "" his health had been excellent until a rather sudden decline after the new year . """	writer
male	5	"In his AllMusic review , writer Andy Kellman rated the compilation four stars out of five and compared "" Definitive INXS "" with other different double - disc INXS anthologies released that same year , calling "" Definitive INXS "" "" considerably different "" and highlighted the differences in both discs ."	writer
male	20	After helping the Water Tribe drive off a Fire Nation invasion headed by Admiral Zhao , with Katara as his teacher , Aang and his group journey to the Earth Kingdom to find an Earthbending teacher .	teacher
male	9	There was also an dwelling house for the native teacher and his family .	teacher
male	12	On September 25 , 2010 , Igor , a great musician and teacher , died and was survived by his wife and children .	teacher
male	0	Nurse went public with his desire to leave international cricket at the end of the tour before the third and final Test at Lancaster Park .	nurse
male	19	A full colonel in the Austrian General Staff since 1936 ( promotion 24 June 1936 ) and senior tactics teacher , Windisch was well known for his refusal of the Nazi movement .	teacher
male	0	"writer Geoff Mayfield included "" Bully "" on his top ten albums list for 2001 , writing in a brief summary that the band 's name and album art were "" silly ..."	writer
male	12	In fact , despite his edgy themes , as a life drawing teacher Wilde taught very traditionally , using the model primarily for long poses and expecting close watching and high discipline from students .	teacher
male	7	Foley 's articled pupil and later studio assistant Francis John Williamson became a successful sculptor in his own right , reputed to have been Queen Victoria 's favourite .	assistant
male	3	"The Greek military writer Arrian describes these in his book """	writer
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	9	In 1917 , he was introduced to politician and writer Manuel González Prada , whom is cited as his main influence in the capital , developing political concerns derived from the radicalism of said intellectual .	writer
male	5	The patient is a 28-year-old hairdresser who began his apprenticeship after school and has worked in this profession since then .	hairdresser
male	1	Soviet writer Boris Pilnyak visited the pub during his stay in London in 1923 .	writer
male	16	"According to his file , "" Case # 419 , Babel , I.E. "" , the writer was held at the Lubyanka and Butyrka Prisons for a total of eight months as a case was built against him for Trotskyism , terrorism , and spying for Austria and France ."	writer
male	13	Rainer Langhans ( June 19 , 1940 , Oschersleben ) is a German writer and filmmaker who is primarily known for his membership of Kommune 1 .	writer
male	11	"As to his defense in the outfield and baserunning , beat writer Matt Gelb wrote in the "" Philadelphia Inquirer "" : "" Progress is needed on defense and the bases ."	writer
male	8	""" The Big Winner "" about a poor tailor and his winning lottery ticket ."	tailor
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	9	For this purpose he had engaged a reputed Brahmin teacher , with whose assistance and by the industry of his own keen intellect and felicitous memory he gained such a knowledge of this recondite literature as to strike the native doctors with amazement , very few of them feeling themselves capable of vying with him on the point .	teacher
male	12	He argues that the writer can not supersede so easily because the writer and his imagination are both products of a universally degraded world .	writer
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	25	If a student is so excellent in a subject that even the highest set is not demanding , he can decide , together with his teacher , his mentor and his parents , that to conclude a ' learning treaty ' :	teacher
male	4	The scene wherein his nurse is introducing him to his iPad is a deleted scene from earlier in the season .	nurse
male	2	The city auditor , Larry Munroe , investigated the fate of the sculpture which he valued at $ 90,000 - 100,000 .	auditor
male	3	"Chicago Tribune "" writer Greg Kot ranked it number one on his top albums list ."	writer
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	14	It ' s a two-way relationship , especially in this movie , where the writer discovers things about the new realities of his town that he would never know otherwise .	writer
male	1	"Argentine writer Julio Cortázar often used cut ups in his 1963 novel "" Hopscotch "" ."	writer
male	4	The famed Canadian nature writer and naturalist Farley Mowat lived in Burgeo for five years during his time in Newfoundland .	writer
male	7	When still a schoolboy , his chemistry teacher at the Friedrich Wilhelm Gymnasium appointed him as his assistant .	teacher
male	19	"By the mid - sixteenth century it was reported that the name "" Pasquino "" derived from a nearby tailor who was renowned for his wit and intellect ; speculation had it that his legacy was carried on through the statue , in "" the honor and everlasting remembrance of the poor tailor "" ."	tailor
male	2	A research librarian comes to Beckett and tells him that he has found a relevant case on AIDS discrimination for him , others in the library begin to first stare and then move away , and the librarian suggests Beckett retire to a private room .	librarian
male	2	As a writer Seneca is known for his philosophical works , and for his plays , which are all tragedies .	writer
male	14	"In his autobiographical novel "" A Tale of Love and Darkness "" , Israeli writer Amos Oz recounted his father 's account of how the walls in Europe were covered in graffiti saying "" Jews , go to Palestine , "" but when he reached Palestine , the walls were scrawled with the words "" Jews , get out of Palestine . """	writer
male	3	The crime fiction writer Graham Hurley draws on his knowledge of Hampshire Constabulary , and in particular Portsmouth CID , for his series of police procedural novels .	writer
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	9	Hunt 's early work shows the influence of his teacher , John Varley , as well as his patron , Dr. Thomas Munro and Henry Edridge , a close associate of Munro .	teacher
male	2	Lowly bank clerk Roger Standish is fired from his job after he is caught courting Caroline Ogden , the daughter of the bank ’s president .	clerk
male	1	One nurse took over his care and he began to rapidly gain weight and his growth hormone levels increased during this time .	nurse
male	6	During his investigation , Ronny 's assistant Sophia reveals that she was married to Ronny and produces a legitimate marriage certificate .	assistant
male	1	The writer Cyril Connolly was of this line through his mother Muriel Maud Vernon .	writer
male	16	"Gottlieb 's trademark on stage was a burlesquing of the university pedant , the sort of teacher who knocks himself out over the jokes in Chaucer while his class has nothing on its collective mind earlier than last night 's date . """	teacher
male	7	Other official-looking letters were sent from a writer who said that he was a director of the state-owned Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation .	writer
male	9	His father , Late M.A Rashid , was a teacher and his mother late Fazilatunnesa Rashid was a housewife .	teacher
male	12	"Yo Silver "" , starting in 1952 and running 34 issues ; writer Gaylord DuBois wrote and developed Silver as a hero in his own right ."	writer
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	3	However , the writer found he could do more with Manhattan as a `` kind of a quantum super-hero '' than he ever could have with Captain Atom .	writer
male	1	Medical teacher and his pedagogical training ( experience with Bratislavian system of training the assistants for pedagogical activity in postgraduate education of physicians and pharmacists ) .	teacher
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	5	The Bhil boy Ekalavya 's teacher was Drona , and he had the honour to be invited to Yudhishthira 's Rajasuya Yajna at Indraprastha .	teacher
male	5	He subsequently worked as astronomical assistant at the observatory at Vienna from 1792 until he retired in 1813 .	assistant
male	3	His father 's assistant and nurse Zooey Kern arrives at his office and informs him that his father Ben , a famous photographer , is terminally ill .	assistant
male	2	Presumably the writer just subjectively chose whichever teams he wanted .	writer
male	2	"The Roman writer Vegetius , in his work "" De Re Militari "" , wrote :"	writer
male	3	A national school teacher by profession , Séamus Ó Riain ( 1916 - 2007 ) began his career in the administrative affairs of the Gaelic Athletic Association when he was elected secretary of the Moneygall club before later representing the club on the North Tipperary Board .	teacher
male	7	It was Lewis ' high school band teacher , Larry Pawlowski , that told Lewis that he had the skills to pursue a career in music , and encouraged Lewis to leave Chicago and apply for Berklee College Of Music in Boston , Ma .	teacher
male	6	"In 2014 , he was the writer and producer for the fantasy film "" Maan Karate "" starring Sivakarthikeyan which was directed by his former assistant Thirukumaran ."	writer
male	4	He was a natural teacher , noted for his sound scholarship , especially on the works of Matthew Arnold , and for his passion for the living values of literature .	teacher
male	15	"Close to the shore there is an old farmhouse , now a museum , where writer José Hernández , author of the gaucho 's national poem "" Martin Fierro "" lived briefly during his childhood ."	writer
male	12	"Star Warped "" was the video game that "" Kill Screen "" writer Zach Koster credited the game for his decision to become a video game journalist ."	writer
male	9	"In his review for "" Slant "" magazine , writer Sal Cinquemani declared the "" fashionable mix of neo - soul , gooey R&B balladry and trendy hip - pop "" as "" too prepackaged and trend - conscious to reach the heights of her previous collaborations ."	writer
male	9	The district administration demanded , however , that the teacher sit an examination after two years ’ service and have himself further trained in the artistic subjects ( Schöpper could also not draw very well ) .	teacher
male	5	"The song 's co - writer , Barry Blue , released his own recording of the song arranged by Gerry Shury and produced by Blue as an album track in 1974 , and this version was later on the compilation albums "" Dancin ' ( On A Saturday Night ) ..."	writer
male	25	Kimberley was a distant cousin of the writer P. G. Wodehouse , both being descended from Sir Armine Wodehouse , 5th Baronet , and the writer was the godfather of his first grandson , the fourth earl .	writer
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	24	Among the couple 's milestones are the consummation of their marriage , the birth of their first child , Michael 's success as a writer , his extramarital affair , their daughter 's wedding , and their preparations to move to smaller quarters and pass their home on to another newlywed couple .	writer
male	0	Writer Trav S.D. recalls on his official website ,	writer
male	14	"In their second collaboration , Gyllenhaal starred in a dual role as a history teacher and his doppelgänger in the thriller "" Enemy "" ."	teacher
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	"In 1974 , noted American writer Arnold Gingrich in his "" The Fishing in Print "" commented on Francis , Francis as a writer and his influence on notable American angler Theodore Gordon :"	writer
male	14	"Based partially on the writings of the early twentieth century Polish avant - garde writer and artist Witkacy and his argument in Australia with anthropologist Bronisław Malinowski , Gillies created the film and art installation , "" Witkacy & Malinowski : a cinematic séance in 23 scenes "" ."	writer
male	0	Nurse scored his first goal in their next match , a 1–0 away win at former club Farnborough on 5 September 2015 .	nurse
male	5	Throughout his career as a teacher Sellé maintained a close musical relationship with many of his pupils .	teacher
male	17	"A survivor said that when he was 11 years old and had a sore stomach , a teacher rubbed his penis and told him "" this will help ."	teacher
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	22	After the war he served in the United States House of Representatives as a Democrat from 1871 to 1873 , was state auditor , and the 20th Lieutenant Governor of Indiana from 1885-1886 .	auditor
male	15	Schwarz was born in Günzburg , the seventh of eight children born to a master baker and his wife .	baker
male	5	"Brave Words & Bloody Knuckles writer Greg Prato selected "" Peace "" as # 6 for his Top 10 of 2013 for "" The Scribes Speak "" poll ."	writer
male	1	The teacher put down his name as ' Vishnu Gupta ' .	teacher
male	8	Based on his own experiments , Lowell 's assistant , A. E. Douglass , was led to explain the observations in essentially psychological terms .	assistant
male	1	"The writer himself spoke of "" modern prose "" as determined by a goal "" to rehabilitate regular life , composed from a number of actions , not just one , in which suspense and explosive dénouement exist only rarely , or where several non - coincident interferences coexist . """	writer
male	7	Then-Defense Minister Shimon Peres appointed Telem special assistant to the ambassador to South Africa , where he conducted several weapons deals .	assistant
male	32	"The site 's consensus reads , "" Energetic and bright , this hybrid of documentary style and dramatic plotting looks at the present and future of France through the interactions of a teacher and his students in an inner - city high school . """	teacher
male	2	There the baker and his assistants would lop off their heads and place cabbages on their necks to stem the bleeding .	baker
male	0	Writer of Sharongate , Tony Jordan , has stated that of all the storylines he has penned for the soap , Sharongate is the one he is most proud of .	writer
male	4	Wood was an accomplished writer , and authored three books chronicling his voyages and missions with the Pacific and East India Squadrons , and his ideas and recommendations on reforming the U.S. Navy , as well as many literary articles for notable publications of his day .	writer
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	3	A high school teacher sparked his interest in chemistry during his junior year .	teacher
male	9	His parents were Nathan Abraham , a Jewish religion teacher ( 1842 – 1915 ) and his wife ( and cousin ) Ida ( 1847 – 1929 ) .	teacher
male	20	According to sworn family court testimony , Hensley carried on an affair with Lori Barber , a part - time nurse in his medical practice and his second cousin .	nurse
male	1	"The writer Charles Dickens returned to England on the "" Russia "" after his second tour of the United States and was fulsome in his praise of the ship ."	writer
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	3	There is one writer , who said he would sandblast the article .	writer
male	15	He enrolled in the sixth grade at Lincoln Elementary School , where his first art teacher , a Miss Brown , strongly supported his individualistic artistic expression .	teacher
male	5	In his commentary , staff writer Paul G. Edwards noted that America ’s tradition of free speech and first amendment prohibition on governmental interference with public expression were challenged anew by the Virginia Museum trustees ’ “ obnoxious ” attempts to censor the play that had been commissioned by their own artistic director .	writer
male	4	His high school English teacher thought he was capable of very few facial expressions , and the director of Hidden Track -LRB- 2003 , a movie in which Chou had a cameo role -RRB- said that his strong individualistic personality will not make him a good actor .	teacher
male	11	"In his review of "" E = MC² "" , a writer from the "" Los Angeles Times "" described the song 's lyrics and production in detail :"	writer
male	15	"for "" Best All - Around Non - Daily Student Newspaper Newspaper "" , while writer Steve Peoples was ranked for "" General News Reporting "" for his story , "" Students ' Voting Rights in Jeopardy "" ."	writer
male	4	Pessoa was a prolific writer , and not only under his own name , for he created approximately seventy - five others .	writer
male	22	Worrall was living at that time in the nearby newly - built house , ' Stone Down ' , along with historical writer , Thomas N. Wild and his wife .  	writer
male	15	Stored corpses include those of Dick Clair , an Emmy Award - winning television sitcom writer and producer , Hall of Fame baseball legend Ted Williams and his son John Henry Williams , and futurist FM-2030 .	writer
male	8	At the age of nine he painted his teacher and his artistic aptitude was noticed for the first time .	teacher
male	0	"writer Mike Diver placed it at number twenty in his list of "" Top 25 Albums of 2011 "" ."	writer
male	15	In the first room ( used as a kitchen ) the own books of the writer and his various translations of world - known works such as “ Shahnameh ” , “ Macbeth ” , “ Gulliver ” , “ Robinson Crusoe ” and , etch are exhibited .	writer
male	13	"Belane gets "" enveloped "" by the Sparrow in the way a dead writer gets absorbed by his words — as printed , in this case , by Black Sparrow Press ."	writer
male	16	It was in Class V that the writing bug bit Chetan Bhagat , when his class teacher forced students in his class to contribute to a students ' magazine that was being launched .	teacher
male	4	"the relation between the writer and his characters "" ; the Surrealist movement for employing the practice of "" automatic writing "" to express "" what the head itself is unaware of "" ; and the field of linguistics as a discipline for "" showing that the whole of enunciation is an empty process . """	writer
male	29	Like Mailer , the protagonist Sanford Carter is given the job of a cook in occupied Japan after the end of World War II — a job neither the writer or his character liked .  	writer
male	12	From 1919 , he was Chief Mechanical Engineer Richard Maunsell 's personal assistant , and later his deputy .	assistant
male	36	"Lewis , who had spoken extensively on Christianity to Royal Air Force personnel , was aware many ordinary people did not believe Jesus was God , but saw him rather as "" a ' great human teacher ' who was deified by his supporters "" ; his argument is intended to overcome this ."	teacher
male	1	"Kotaku writer Kevin Wong listed King Hippo as his third favorite boxer in the "" Punch - Out ! !"	writer
male	3	Mild mannered bank clerk Geoffrey Dent ( John Barry ) is persuaded by his nagging , gold digging girlfriend Laura ( Sonya O'Sheato ) to embezzle money .	clerk
male	2	Channard 's assistant , Kyle , sneaks in to his house to find that Channard was obsessed with the Lament Configuration box and the portal to Hell .	assistant
male	5	It is chiefly as a teacher that Geddes is remembered , and in his enthusiastic and successful efforts to raise the standard of Greek at the Scottish universities he has been compared with the humanists of the Renaissance .	teacher
male	3	"Actor - travel writer Milind Gunaji writes about his experience with this in his book "" Mystical , Magical Maharashtra "" ."	writer
male	4	"The Catalan - language writer Jacint Verdaguer drew on the historical count of Besalú for his fictional character Comte Tallaferro , who figures as the protagonist in his epic poem "" Canigó "" , a central work of the Catalan "" Renaixença "" ."	writer
male	13	During the years in Turin , he was the mentor of the young writer and translator Fernanda Pivano , his former student at the Liceo D'Azeglio .	writer
male	1	The writer Steve Gerber , in his first assignment for Marvel Comics , supplied additional dialogue for that first issue , as well as the next .	writer
male	8	They enter a lone house where a widowed teacher lives with his infant son .	teacher
male	9	During his primary school years , Gündoğdu ’s music teacher encouraged him to join the choir , and he carried it throughout high school .	teacher
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	14	There he developed a passion for reading and also a desire to become a writer himself .	writer
male	8	"In his "" Onomasticon "" , the Greek writer Julius Pollux describes "" Poleis "" as follows :"	writer
male	29	Francisco Javier Santamaría ( September 10 , 1886 in Cacaos in Jalapa Municipality , Tabasco – March 1 , 1963 in Veracruz , Veracruz ) was an influential Mexican writer and politician who is best remembered for his contributions to the study of Mexican literature and lexicography ; he variously worked or published as a bibliographer , essayist , geographer , journalist , judge , lawyer , lexicographer , linguist , naturalist , pedagogue , philologist , and poet .	writer
male	12	"Wang Lixiong ( , born 2 May 1953 ) is a Chinese writer and scholar , best known for his political prophecy fiction , "" Yellow Peril "" , and for his writings on Tibet and provocative analysis of China 's western region of Xinjiang ."	writer
male	1	"Milliyet""s writer Sina Koloğlu wrote in his article that while broadcast on television these scenes needed to change and suggested that the production team should make two different versions for this type of scenes ."	writer
male	10	In 1952 he personally guided Mike Hudoba , noted outdoors writer on a several day canoe trip through the Warton Forest rivers .	writer
male	4	"In 1982 , the writer released his first book : "" Un pays en exil "" , then two years later "" Le Ravin "" which was awarded both the Prix Sainte - Beuve 1984 and the Prix Biguet of the Académie française ."	writer
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	1	The librarian can no longer win success for his library by simply providing a stack of readable books .	librarian
male	1	His teacher , Maulvi Navazish Ali , belonged to the Hanafi school and when he saw the essay he tore it up .	teacher
male	28	In 1957 , when François Duvalier came to power , he left Haiti for New York and joined the Art Student 's League until 1960 , when his teacher , the painter Julian Levi , encouraged his artistic vocation .	teacher
male	3	Smith , another writer about China also notes in his book : “ Mercenaries and Mandarins ” that Manilamen were ‘ Reputed to be brave and fierce fighters ’ and ‘ were plentiful in Shanghai and always eager for action ’ .	writer
male	2	"His bagpipe teacher , Ronald MacKenzie , had impressed upon Grant early on in his tutelage the importance of copying and preserving ancient piobaireachd and Grant , as early as 1900 , began compiling manuscripts of the "" classical music of the bagpipe , "" for disseminating among those who were interested in them ."	teacher
male	11	"In his review of the album , "" Rolling Stone "" writer Barry Walters wrote "" "" On a Wire "" quivers with the anxieties that must have arisen as the Get Up Kids left behind what originally made them ."	writer
male	7	"Peter Lennon , then a junior feature writer for "" The Guardian "" in Paris , was told by friends in his week back in Dublin covering the theatre festival , that Ireland was changing : "" ' censorship was a thing of the past ' they told me . """	writer
male	0	Nurse Andy O'Brien moves to Albert Square in March 1985 along with his girlfriend Debbie Wilkins ( Shirley Cheriton ) .	nurse
male	27	"Erik Wemple for "" The Washington Post "" wrote an article that included Kirchick 's response to WXIX 's second newscast , where Kirchick implied that the writer of the WXIX article , Ben Swann , was incorrect in his naming of the supposed writer of the "" Special Edition on Racial Terrorism "" ."	writer
male	3	In 1808 , writer William Hazlitt married Sarah Stoddart , with Charles Lamb as his best man , and Mary Lamb as a bridesmaid .	writer
male	11	He was the son of a school teacher and became a teacher himself after studying at the University of Göttingen , where his academic advisor was Karl Friedrich Gauss .	teacher
male	2	The obituary writer in The Advertiser observed that he was `` gifted with remarakable business acumen , he had been aptly desscribed as a leader of men .	writer
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	5	PL Deshpande was a renowned writer , stage and film actor and his literary works are still revered in Maharashtra and others parts of the world .	writer
male	3	"The late Roman writer Vegetius , in his work De Re Militari , wrote :   """	writer
male	4	Sid ' s history teacher , Tom , informs Liz , Mark and Sid that he is allowing Sid a week to rewrite his paper .	teacher
male	3	The Mayor 's assistant , Duplumier is often seen on his bicycle , and the former pharmacist and town drunk , Dupilon , is frequently visible .	assistant
male	22	Davie who had previously worked as head of youth with Raith Rovers , Rangers and Ross County duly appointed Tichie as his assistant and Gary Manson bolstered his back - room team as a player coach .	assistant
male	4	He was a popular teacher and his pupils were Abraham Begeyn , Johannes van der Bent , his son Nicolaes , Isaack Croonenbergh , Simon Dubois , Karel Dujardin , Johannes Glauber , Pieter de Hooch , Jacob van Huchtenburg , Justus van Huysum , Dirk Maas , Hendrick Mommers , Jacob Ochtervelt , Willem Romeyn and possibly Jan Frans Soolmaker .	teacher
male	15	The senior students proceed to carry out the dead boy 's body , and the teacher resumes his lesson as if nothing occurred .	teacher
male	11	Tyler was also intrigued by Plotnick 's work as an acting teacher and his personal philosophy regarding the craft .	teacher
male	2	"The Italian writer Edmondo De Amicis ( 1846–1908 ) gave a description of a passage through the subway in his "" Jottings about London "" :"	writer
male	19	It uses the frame story device : the main story is about the friendship between a literary - inclined teacher ( based on Simmons himself ) and a poor boy named Terry whom he teaches .	teacher
male	1	The nurse in this case is in a position to help Darvid assess the priorities in this situation , but he must first feel comfortable discussing his concerns .	nurse
male	6	It was then that his former teacher , Boccaccio , died and he was able to obtain the appointment to replace him , so he went back to Parma and remained in that position for ten years .	teacher
male	4	"Dr. Shivarama Karanth , writer and his contemporary opined that "" Naranappa Uppoor is one person who is very familiar with the rich heritage of stage traditions ( of Yakshagana ) ."	writer
male	9	Till his death in 1991 , the Nobel laureate writer Isaac Bashevis Singer lived in the northern end of Miami Beach and breakfasted often at Sheldon 's drugstore on Harding Avenue .	writer
male	1	His nurse Carrie Burton ( Lisa Crittenden ) was arrested for his murder and later his father Vai arrived to New Zealand and blamed Sam for his death .	nurse
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	15	"In his book "" Derek Bailey and the Story of Free Improvisation "" , music writer Ben Watson claims about the record "" If people say that British jazz had produced no masterpieces , it 's an illusion created by the fact that CBS had no idea how to market this album . """	writer
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	10	However his imagination is not always rewarded ; his science teacher ( Divya Jagdale ) rebukes his attempt at constructing a light house as part of the class project since it does not adhere to the topics covered in class .	teacher
male	19	In 1819 , what is now the McGulpin House was purchased by William and Madeline McGulpin , a craftsman baker and his wife .	baker
male	9	At the age of eighteen , Talmadge was appointed clerk in the freight department of the New York and Erie Railroad , where he remained for a year .	clerk
male	5	"On his website , comedy writer Mark Rothman discussed the history of comic "" telephone "" monologists , who dated the routine as far back as the 1920s , George Jessel who was doing phone conversations with his mother in vaudeville , with the opening line "" Hello Mama ?"	writer
male	14	"In his introductory remarks to a 2006 debate in defense of free speech , writer Christopher Hitchens parodied the Holmes judgement by opening "" Fire , fire ... fire ."	writer
male	1	"The writer was nonetheless pleased with his visit , having been deeply impressed by the Italian landscape , and , as a result , attempted to create an atmosphere of , in his words , "" profound Italian rustic quietude "" on his property in Fundulea ."	writer
male	35	I do not mind if guides are written wholly on the basis of which candidates the guide writer would like to buy them a beer , but I found it somewhat confusing when a guide writer who seemed to be working on that basis , then said he had not read anything I ' d written and asked if I wanted him to read it .	writer
male	5	A young New York City writer that has moved to Los Angeles spends his days exploring his obsession with death .	writer
male	9	These dreams took an unexpected turn when her art teacher opened up a disused darkroom for his students and gave her a camera to use .	teacher
male	10	Additionally , in the court room , the justices ’ clerk and his assistant legal advisers may ask questions of witnesses and parties to clarify evidence and issues .	clerk
male	15	A Change of Skin is a 1967 novel written by Carlos Fuentes about a Mexican writer and his Jewish American wife .	writer
male	25	"Around the same time , Hotei was in Tokyo after being expelled from high school for saying "" Jesus had long hair "" when his teacher warned him about his hair being too long ."	teacher
male	6	After the sixth article , the writer of the column decides that on a certain date he will commit suicide , and the rest of his columns , retitled `` Time To Go '' , will be written about the state of mind of someone knowing they are going to die on a particular date .	writer
male	13	The trichotillomania was resolved by discussion among the student , his family , teacher , and school counselor .	teacher
male	2	"A radio writer and actor , he moved to Hollywood after his World War II service and played a series of character roles in films beginning with the film noir "" The Killers "" ( 1946 ) ."	writer
male	12	Although no extant printed editions are known , one mid 19th century writer , Luo Yizhi 羅 以 智 , mentions that he had seen a Yuan Dynasty printed edition of the dictionary .	writer
male	1	The writer describes himself as William 's friend and claims to have visited him the night before he died ; he is generally assumed to have been the farmer who lived across the Creek .	writer
male	36	"Written in the volume in an eighteenth - century hand is a comment which includes a brief description : [ The Diary ] "" affords a lively picture of the sordid and selfish views of the writer and of his friends for his advancement , in seeking for a rich wife , and the shameless traffic and trifling with the feelings of many women in this pursuit . """	writer
male	20	"Other publications drew favorable comparisons with Israel Zangwill , the author of the book 's preface and an accomplished Jewish writer himself , with the "" Kalamazoo Gazette "" proclaiming , “ little Mary promises to become the most forceful Jewish writer of English in the world , not excepting Zangwill himself . ”"	writer
male	36	"In his reply to a survey of Polish writers living in exile conducted by the "" Wiadomości "" of London in 1958 , nearly twenty years after his departure from Poland , Rey revealed that every writer creatively active in exile is "" spiritually present "" , in the act of creation , in his native land ."	writer
male	27	"Lenika Cruz , associate editor of "" The Atlantic "" , defended the decision , stating that "" Lovecraft 's removal is about more than just the writer himself ; it 's not an indictment of his entire oeuvre "" ."	writer
male	8	We have no way to verify that the writer is who he claims to be .	writer
male	8	"In his four star review , Rolling Stone writer David Fricke called "" Dirty Pictures ( Part 2 ) "" a “ stand - alone triumph of missionary zeal . ”"	writer
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	11	Coco escapes the city on a private jet along with her assistant Mallory , Gallant , and his grandmother Evie , but leaving Coco 's boyfriend Brock behind .	assistant
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	4	The last thing retired nurse David Knowles expected when he began a demonstration of cardiopulmonary resuscitation ( CPR ) was that his trainees would put their learning into practice immediately - on him .	nurse
male	12	Like his original counterpart , he was originally the Professor 's lab assistant and his main goal is none other than to destroy the Powerpuff Girls .	assistant
male	9	In the present day , the cathedral 's new librarian Evan arrives for his first day on the job .	librarian
male	5	In 1851 he was appointed Clerk of the Executive and Legislative Councils where he `` from his amiable and obliging disposition secured the esteem of the members of the House .	clerk
male	1	A tailor by trade , he opened his own clothing store in 1913 .	tailor
male	14	Martin Gregor - Dellin ( real name Martin Gustav Schmidt ) was a German writer noted for his scholarship on the composer Richard Wagner .	writer
male	5	After his death , his assistant Carlo Beolchin performed an autopsy which was documented in an extremely detailed report .	assistant
male	12	His father , Emilio , was a Spaniard who worked as a laborer and his mother , of ethnic German extraction , was born in Germany .	laborer
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	8	At approximately 11:00 p.m. on March 1 his housekeeper cautiously entered his room and found him lying on the floor , wearing his pajama trousers and a shirt .	housekeeper
male	1	The writer , noted for his sensitivity to social injustice and great compassion to suffering people , died in hospital five days after he threw himself down the stairwell from the fourth floor of the house he lived in .	writer
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	11	"In his book , "" The Impossible David Lynch "" , writer Todd McGowan describes Del Rio 's performance with the phrase "" the voice as the impossible object . """	writer
male	28	Since the classic Turko - Persian literature does not know real conflict , only discourse between master and teacher , the conversation stays calm , even though the teacher sometimes shows his anger .	teacher
male	13	His father Chang Mu - huo ( 張木火 ) , a secondary school teacher , was fired after the February 28 incident and sentenced to death on charge of subversion for his involvement in the Madou incident .	teacher
male	15	Franz Seraphicus Grillparzer ( 15 January 1791 – 21 January 1872 ) was an Austrian writer who is chiefly known for his dramas .	writer
male	4	the collective invented the writer and his poem about avarice .	writer
male	7	While in high school , an art teacher who mentored Giacchino recommended to his parents that he attend the School of Visual Arts in New York City .	teacher
male	4	Žika Tasić , a clerk , is arrested because of his resemblance to Beli , a resistance member .	clerk
male	17	Simón travels to Paris to drown his sorrows ; here , he is reunited with his favorite teacher and his friend Fernando del Toro .	teacher
male	20	""" Pitchfork "" ranked the album number 63 on their "" Top 100 Albums of The 1970s , "" while writer and musician Julian Cope included "" Zuckerzeit "" in his "" Krautrock Top 50 . """	writer
male	5	There , a handicapped store clerk named Big Mike tells him that two years ago , he witnessed a similar situation and wound up crippled for confronting the gang .	clerk
male	29	"Vladimir Lenin is reported to have eaten his last meal in Switzerland at the "" Coopi "" before covertly traveling to Russia in 1917 , and the German communist writer Bertolt Brecht also patronised the restaurant during his stay in Switzerland ."	writer
male	2	Meddings ' assistant , Mike Trim , made his own version of the SPV .	assistant
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	10	Iraj demonstrates this at one point in class when the teacher is about to fail him for not doing his homework , as he blackmails the teacher into passing him in exchange not going to the Islam office to complain .	teacher
male	22	The breaking point for Denkinger was when he received a particularly menacing letter -LRB- with no return address -RRB- in which the writer tells that if he sees Denkinger in person , he would `` blow him away '' with a .	writer
male	1	"A writer of Univision praised him for his "" irresistible movements "" while another one from HSB Noticias noted that he managed to make an "" unforgettable show "" with his urban style and "" sexy movements "" ."	writer
male	7	While inside , Gideon notices that the cashier ( Lukas Haas ) fits his profile of the Footpath Killer , a serial killer he had been investigating prior to being called in for the Seattle Strangler case .	cashier
male	2	"- Roman writer Plutarch stated , in his "" Life of Alexander "" , that the Nanda king was so unpopular that had Alexander tried , he could have easily conquered India ."	writer
male	9	"In his review of "" Fixed "" , AllMusic writer Peter J. D'Angelo said , "" Even though Nine Inch Nails was thrust into the mainstream spotlight , this record shows the group returning to its roots and creating a daring new translation of songs that were pummeling from the start . """	writer
male	8	Lorado Taft asked Waylande Gregory to be his assistant and to join him at the Art Institute of Chicago , and at his Midway Studios .	assistant
male	25	Often , the surviving counselors of the late president will be called as counselors in the new First Presidency , and a notably - infirm counselor may revert to his place among the Twelve Apostles , with a healthier man called as counselor in his place .	counselor
male	1	The clerk asks for her telephone number to call her when he receives the pencil but Elaine gives him Jerry ' s number instead .	clerk
male	1	One teacher , Karen Morse , stated that he was a typical teen who would `` strive for that teacher attention to do his best .	teacher
male	6	After his retirement there were two teacher in charges before Dr. Minakshi Roy joined as full - time principal .	teacher
male	16	The Auditor - General Dusko Snjegota resigned soon after , and Jovo Radukić , a former assistant to Tegeltija was appointed in his stead .	assistant
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	13	"In his book , "" Eight Years in Another World "" , head writer Harding Lemay stated that he intended the character of Clarice to last only two days , but he was so taken by Brown 's performance that he decided to add the character to the storyline ."	writer
male	8	It is the story of a young school teacher and his experiences in a small village of shepherds in the princely state of Aundh during the 1940s .	teacher
male	21	"Adriano González León ( Valera , Trujillo State , 1931 - Caracas , 12 January 2008 )   was a Venezuelan writer who is known in his country for the novel "" País Portátil "" ( 1968 ) , widely regarded as the premier Venezuelan novel of the latter half of the 20th century , and for his many years of hosting a television program dedicated to promoting literary appreciation among the general public ."	writer
male	15	De Large 's parents ' names are not known , but his father was a tailor and his mother a seamstress .	tailor
male	4	"In 1984 , the writer Stefan Heym coined the term “ Republic of Schwarzenberg ” in his novel "" Schwarzenberg "" , which was based on the episode ."	writer
male	4	His father was a teacher and his mother an author .	teacher
male	14	"In his "" Divina Commedia "" ( between 1308 and 1321 ) the Italian writer Dante Alighieri compared the hard embankment on which he was sitting to the dikes that Flemish craftsmen had built between Bruges and the Dutch border ."	writer
male	6	In the interaction teacher-student , the teacher has an important paper and his good acting depends mainly on the conscience and ability that he has in the communication , the nonverbal .	teacher
male	26	Starting from an analysis of the different psychiatrical emergencies , and devoting the attention to the more frequent events , we analyse the guide lines the nurse must conform to , so that he can satisfy psychiatrical patient 's demands , and provide him with a specific relief , in order to get better quality of his life , and at the same time offering a substantial and high quality assistance .	nurse
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	4	However , even the teacher could not use his powers in Chaiyabun 's presence , which convinced Phadet to learn more about Dhammakaya meditation from Chaiyabun .	teacher
male	3	However , the nurse did admit that several times a day he would spend up to 2 min handing equipment through the door to colleagues attending this patient inside the isolation room .	nurse
male	8	His mother , Emilia , was a school teacher and his father , Gheorghe , was a computer engineer .	teacher
male	15	Prance worked from 1963 at The New York Botanical Garden , initially as a research assistant and , on his departure in 1988 , as Director of the Institute of Economic Botany and Senior Vice - President for Science .	assistant
male	1	The teacher , a Russian named Alexander Pankratov , presents himself begrudgingly and carries himself around in an aloof and harshly critical manner yet possesses an unquestioned authority over whomever he meets .	teacher
male	15	These were written some forty years later and still expressed a deep affection for his teacher and mentor .	teacher
male	30	The strategy employed by Montes - Bradley when it comes to Borges , a writer of whom almost everything has been said , consists on giving the word to the writer himself and to a select group of intellectuals who dwell on the margins of the Argentine cultural aparatik .	writer
male	4	He also had a tailor sew an inside pocket to his coat .	tailor
male	42	Notable new revelations in Mulroney 's testimonies included his explanation for the delay in declaring the cash payments as income ( he considered them as advances on future activities , to be declared only when drawn upon ) , and that his accountant , without his knowledge , had arranged to pay tax on only half the amount .	accountant
male	4	Swamy 's ability as writer was kindled by his sahityakar guru Viyogi Hari , whose teachings and knowledge reformed the life of young artist .	writer
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	22	"A number of critics have suggested that Ibsen is the main influence in the plays of McGuinness , something corroborated by the writer himself , who has also explained that "" ... there is of course another influence , that of Shakespeare ... "" ."	writer
male	9	After his first season in the Football League , Nurse stated —	nurse
male	12	The surviving passenger in the car was Carolyn Gipe , a fellow teacher and his fiancée .	teacher
male	12	The plot follows the travails of an eccentric and wasted pulp fiction writer , Sagar Kottapuram ( Mohanlal ) , and his friend Ramakrishnan ( Sreenivasan ) , who are dragged into a lawsuit by a vengeful Tahsildar , S. Priyadarshini ( Nandini ) .	writer
male	37	"In an article in the leftist journal "" The Social Frontier "" in 1936 , Brameld wrote an article called "" Karl Marx And The American Teacher "" in which he outlined the many subtle ways a teacher could influence his students into collectivist thinking ."	teacher
male	0	Writer and playwright Russell Hunter said in a 1980 interview said he based many elements from The Changeling on experiences from his first months in Denver in 1968 , while living in a large house at 1739 East 13th Avenue on the northern edge of Cheesman Park .	writer
male	52	Karan1974 has been quarreling with me and several others for a very long time over getting some unknown dancer ' s name in the Odissi list of performers , someone known to him and like he mentions in one of his long rambling rants to me , his daughtes ' s dance teacher .	teacher
male	27	"The "" Internet Bookwatch "" stated that "" Making "" "" is both inspiring and informative , "" telling the "" fascinating story of how this noted teacher of meditation transformed his own life ."	teacher
male	5	"In a 2005 interview , writer Warren Ellis commenting on his Nextwave stories stated , "" I think it has to be a self contained universe ."	writer
male	2	The French writer Émile Deschamps claims in his memoirs that in 1805 , he was treated to some plum pudding by a stranger named Monsieur de Fontgibu .	writer
male	11	"McEachran also taught the future communist James Klugmann , and the writer Alan Bennett used him as the model for the character of the schoolmaster Hector in his play "" The History Boys "" ."	writer
male	6	In his autobiographical book , Estonian writer and musician Mihkel Raud compared Kobrin with Jimi Hendrix .	writer
male	6	This is a speedy and the writer needs to be on a long term block , as he has tried to put this article up several times under different variations of the name .	writer
male	1	A nurse at the 4077th , and Henry Blake 's paramour during much of the first season , and is at his side through much of the pilot .	nurse
male	7	In order to finish the tasks the nurse shared that he walked 50,0 0 0 steps in 1 day .	nurse
male	4	Sometimes in letters a writer imagines himself in the position of the recipient and uses a past tense to describe an event which for the writer himself is present :	writer
male	16	"Pierro got the part after meeting Visconti 's assistant , Albino Cocco : "" Visconti 's assistant , a friend , introduced me to his boss who was looking for a young girl to play a lady companion , a secondary role , but of great importance to me ."	assistant
male	3	"Top Gear "" writer Richard Porter included it in his book "" Crap Cars "" , calling it "" dismal "" , while it was also included on "" Time "" magazine 's list of the 50 worst cars of all time ; Dan Neil said of it , """	writer
male	19	He later went to London , England , to study at the Royal Academy of Music , and his teacher there , Hu Kun , was the son of his first teacher .	teacher
male	9	Upon his death in 1829 , Foxton 's former assistant William Calcraft , succeeded Foxton as Newgate Prison 's hangman .	assistant
male	1	His teacher was Marilynne Robinson and through her he learned about the Iowa Writers ' Workshop writing program .	teacher
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	1	A writer for the Glas Crnogorca newspaper in Podgorica wrote in his report that despite the barriers of local dialects and the difficulty of fully mimicking everyone 's movements , the actors played their roles fairly well .	writer
male	5	His father was a colliery clerk and his mother a dressmaker .	clerk
male	2	Former music writer Cameron Crowe had written articles about Poco and the Eagles during his journalism career .	writer
male	16	He shot Teresa Beavers twice in the abdomen , and later fatally shot a Spanish language teacher while he was driving his Ford Festiva .	teacher
male	12	Son of Urban Klotz ( Vrbanus Cloz , 1627–1691 ) , a tailor and his wife Sophia ( ?	tailor
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	1	A baker and former mountain guide , Erickson got the idea for his product in 1990 on a day - long , 175 mile bike ride , for which he packed a variety of energy bars .	baker
male	10	In 2008 , David Onllwyn Jones , an assistant head teacher at the school , was made Member of the Order of the British Empire for his services to education .	teacher
male	6	1 In the Philippines , a nurse was reportedly attacked by men who poured bleach on his face , damaging his vision .	nurse
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	1	"Siliconera writer Spencer Yip , in his review of "" Lightning Returns "" , commented that the story and pace of the game was "" muddled "" by the mythos ."	writer
male	17	Orrin Keepnews ( March 2 , 1923 – March 1 , 2015 ) was an American jazz writer and record producer known for founding Riverside Records and Milestone Records , for freelance work , and for his work at other labels .	writer
male	27	""" concluded "" Tenacious ones , however , will be rewarded with a captivating portrait of Almond the child , whose life experiences helped produce Almond the writer and his eloquent body of literature . """	writer
male	11	"In his book , "" The Big Bands "" , jazz writer George T. Simon described Moreno as "" a grinning , seemingly ever - joyous guitarist ... who on novelty and uptempoed [ sic ] tunes projected a pleasant personality and voice to match . """	writer
male	10	To protect himself , he formally married the Danish kindergarten teacher Anna Maria Petersen , in June 1943 .	teacher
male	3	"In 2010 , writer and actor Mark Gatiss interviewed Hooper for his BBC documentary series "" A History of Horror "" ; Hooper appeared in the third episode ."	writer
male	17	Tina also has to cope with the situation on her own , as her confidant and fellow nurse Sam Colloby ( Jonathan Kerrigan ) fights for his life , after being pushed over a balcony .	nurse
male	1	The writer puts forward his own opinions on a part of acupoints essentially and points out some mistakes in the textbook .	writer
male	13	Before fighting the enemy robot , she seeks out her revenge on the teacher and his friends who had abused her sexually .	teacher
male	2	The classroom teacher indicated that he was going to place a check on the board after every rule infraction as he named rule violators and their infractions .	teacher
male	9	The first - person everyman narrator , a professional writer introducing himself as Jonah ( but apparently named John ) , frames the plot as a flashback .	writer
male	5	Out of greed , the Counselor , a high - level lawyer , gets irrevocably in over his head in a drug deal around the troubled Ciudad Juarez , Mexico / Texas border area .	counselor
male	4	""" Time "" magazine writer James Poniewozik included "" Parks and Recreation "" in his list of the 10 best television shows of 2009 , and "" IGN "" declared it the best comedy series of 2009 ."	writer
male	1	"British writer Lawrence Durrell lived in Cyprus from 1952 until 1956 , during his time working for the British colonial government on the island , and wrote the book "" Bitter Lemons "" about his time in Cyprus which won the second Duff Cooper Prize in 1957 ."	writer
male	17	"As he departs for Vienna , Zangler entrusts the operation of his business to his garrulous head clerk , Weinberl , and his naive apprentice , Christopher , who decide to go "" on the razzle "" to Vienna ."	clerk
male	1	"The writer Anton Chekhov visited Derbinskoye in 1890 during his travel through Sakhalin and described it in his book , "" Sakhalin Island "" ."	writer
male	1	The teacher is thus separated from his wife .	teacher
male	7	In particular , Cernat argues , the writer sought to emancipate himself from competing nationalisms , and addressed himself directly to the center of European culture , with Zürich serving as a stage on his way to Paris .	writer
male	16	"In his "" A Journey to the Western Isles of Scotland "" ( 1775 ) , writer Samuel Johnson described the fosterage custom as he saw it practised ."	writer
male	8	"We Are the World "" 's co - writer , Michael Jackson , had wanted his song to be the official theme for the event ."	writer
male	7	As the battle takes place , the Writer is swept further into his delusion by the skeletal figures the Character dreamt of earlier , who , apparently at the behest of a hallucinated Erica Court , take him to a large , winged guillotine and have him beheaded .	writer
male	10	With the instructions of Lord Indra , Brahaspati , the teacher of the Devas disguises himself as a Brahmin and tricks Arunasura into abandoning the powerful Gayatri mantra leaving the demons negatives to increase .	teacher
male	8	"In his review for Tiny Mix Tapes , writer Chris Ruen said that "" Fluorescent Grey "" "" is a bit rushed "" in terms of structure , which he feels "" detracts from one of Deerhunter ’s particular strengths : constructing a dynamic , organic listening experience . """	writer
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	1	The baker and his wife ( having taken advantage of him for years ) have been called away , thus leaving their till unattended .	baker
male	21	Born in Dunedin , New Zealand , on 13 September 1879 , Charles Begg was one of nine children of an accountant and his wife .	accountant
male	3	Having been a teacher himself , he was keenly interested in education and on many occasions spoke effectively on the subject , both in the Dublin Synod and in the General Synod .	teacher
male	2	"A staff writer for the "" Chicago Defender "" lauded his performance at the Chicago Theatre , calling it "" an explosive mixture of R&B , soul and funk . """	writer
male	4	"The "" Playbill "" writer has called Bagley 's liner notes for his "" Revisited "" albums "" odd and iconoclastic . """	writer
male	1	The writer John Grisham worked as his assistant as a law student in 1980 .	writer
male	8	"Jeffrey Epstein , at the time a staff writer for "" Soap Opera News "" , was criticized by AfterElton.com for his statement in 1998 , where he discouraged the idea that there would be more gay or lesbian representation to come on daytime television due to soap operas being mostly viewed by women and that gay or lesbian romances do not truly enrich most heterosexual women 's fantasies ."	writer
male	17	"In his book "" Sci - Fi TV from Twilight Zone to Deep Space Nine "" , writer James Van Hise claimed the show 's scripts "" just never took advantage of what they had at hand "" and criticized Larson 's version of "" Buck Rogers "" as a cynical attempt to exploit one of the most loved characters in American popular culture ."	writer
male	11	"Years after his death in 1865 , in 1883 , the writer Loredan Larchey , by revising and rewriting Coignet 's memoirs , published broad extracts of "" Aux vieux de la vieille "" under the title "" The Notebooks of the Captain Coignet "" , which met with immediate success ."	writer
male	0	Nurse and his wife Roberta have two sons .	nurse
male	11	Then , it explains the Czech word Litost , which the writer states that he has not found any substitute for the word in any other languages yet .	writer
male	1	The writer has so often acknowledged his indebtedness to the ethos of his village and to Nila which has ever been the mainspring of his creative inspiration .	writer
male	9	His father was a headmaster , who as a teacher and a father was noted for his marked authoritarian views , and who impressed upon his son the values of hard work , thrift , faith and obedience — all values that Raeder preached throughout his life .	teacher
male	4	""" Top Gear "" writer Richard Porter included the Fiero in his book "" Crap Cars "" , claiming that by basing the Fiero on the Chevette , "" Pontiac engineers worked tirelessly to erase whatever excitement [ The Fiero 's design and layout ] might have inspired , chiefly by snuffing out anything that might pass for acceleration . """	writer
male	7	"In his book "" Supergods "" , writer Grant Morrison explained the unique symbolism that the Bottle City represents :"	writer
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	5	Besides his work as a teacher Kutschera composed several works , but without financial success .	teacher
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	8	He was the only child of a store clerk and his wife .	clerk
male	4	Von Lauenstein , another assistant of Köhler , is known mainly for his investigation of time errors and memory .	assistant
male	1	The writer of the song , Ian Broudie , cites his son Riley as the namesake of the piece .	writer
male	11	"On his series "" How TV Ruined Your Life "" , writer Charlie Brooker retrospectively described the night as "" an entire evening of text message non - fun "" ."	writer
male	20	Jim Alexander ( born August 7 , 1935 ) is an American documentary photographer , photojournalist , activist , and teacher who is best known for being a “ Participant Observer ” and his photographs of human rights and black culture .	teacher
male	1	A teacher , scholar , innovator , and activist , Bame devoted his academic life to having African voices and perspectives heard in the child development and early childhood education , care , and development literature .	teacher
male	12	"In his review of "" The Entropy of Bones "" , the writer Charles Yu describes Jama - Everett 's work as "" resist[ing ] easy categorization ."	writer
male	1	The writer lives in Vienna with his family .	writer
male	1	The teacher said he was unable to learn to read , most writers have assumed that he was retarded on the basis of her comments .	teacher
male	2	The Sunni writer was sanctioned on several occasions by the Saudi government for his pro - Shia sympathy , and was sentenced to death in December 2016 for allegedly spying for Iran .	writer
male	4	Giuseppe was the first teacher of Lorenzo as well as his other two sons , Carlo ( who became a priest and then a cardinal ) and Marziano ( who was Maestro di Cappella at the Duomo of Milan from 1930 to 1949 ) .	teacher
male	1	A writer and a revolutionary , he embraced the ideals of the French Revolution and took part in the stormy political discussions , which the fall of the Republic of Venice had provoked .	writer
male	4	By 1892 , the teacher regarded Cayce as his best student .	teacher
male	14	Karanka started a managerial career in the late 2000s , notably working as an assistant at Real Madrid and in his own right at Middlesbrough and Nottingham Forest .	assistant
male	2	"A prolific writer , Gilmore published 170 scientific papers during his career , including monographic studies on the osteology of "" Apatosaurus "" and "" Camptosaurus "" and the osteology of carnivorous and armored dinosaurs ."	writer
male	2	The art writer Arthur Edwin Bye featured Carlsen most prominently in his survey of American Still life painting in 1921 and wrote of him :	writer
male	12	"In his foreword to the Penguin Classics edition , fellow weird fiction writer Jeff VanderMeer called the collection "" the work of one of our greatest dark imaginations , "" saying that “ "" Grimscribe "" was , at the time of publication , seen by some as a typical second book , as if Ligotti had taken a step back in quality ."	writer
male	16	1 January 1805 ) , often called Danry or Masers de Latude , was a French writer famous for his lengthy confinement in the Bastille , at Vincennes , and for his repeated escapes from those prisons .	writer
male	12	Several streets in today 's Lichfield are named for the early town clerk and his family .	clerk
male	2	The Roman writer Tacitus , in the first century AD , mentions in his accounts of Britain that its principal exports were grain , hides , cattle , iron , silver , slaves , and clever hunting - dogs .	writer
male	24	"Mr. Atkinson published a small volume of "" Poetical Essays "" , Leeds , 1786 , 4to , which was sarcastically reviewed by a writer calling himself ‘ Trim ’ ( Edward Baldwyn ) , in "" A Critique on the Poetical Essays of the Rev. William Atkinson "" , London , 1787 ."	writer
male	3	The Protestant German writer , journalist and poet of ecclesiastical songs , Jochen Klepper , loses his creative power in the course of the above - mentioned ten years under steadily increasing National Socialist reprisals .	writer
male	12	"Chin was taken to Henry Ford Hospital in Detroit , where a nurse told his childhood friend that "" he has no chance "" and that "" his brain was dead ."	nurse
male	2	The comedy writer Chris Miller remembers that Beard `` knew everything '' and that he said on leaving the Lampoon that he was sick of being the father to all the writers .	writer
male	4	"In 1832 , the writer Octavian Blewitt wrote in his "" Panorama of Torquay "" that London Bridge was an “ absurd appellation ” ."	writer
male	22	Besides the show 's cast members , the writers and producers of the show have also been nominated for various awards ; writer , producer and showrunner Clyde Phillips has gained six nominations for his work on the show .	writer
male	10	Tony Mathew ( 1949 - 2019 ) was an Indian writer , critic and orator , acknowledged for his contributions to Malayalam language , Indian philosophy and insights on comparative religion .	writer
male	9	Many years later , he discovers that an upcoming writer , Jean - Pierre Montbarbon ( who is roughly McEwan 's age ) has won a prize for his new novel .	writer
male	0	Writer Bo Yang was jailed for eight years for his translation of the cartoon Popeye because the translation was interpreted as a criticism of leader Chiang Kai - shek .	writer
male	1	The writer of the episode , Bruce Kirschbaum , revealed later that he was unaware that the Latvian Orthodox church actually existed while writing the episode .	writer
male	1	The teacher referred Ross to his supplier , Ivan Arguellas , who offered to keep Ross supplied .	teacher
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	19	Sobers , his captain , told Nurse he was a required player for the coming tour of England but Nurse felt he could not change his mind .	nurse
male	1	The writer declares in his preface to the first edition that the Maharajah inaugurated a brilliant epoch in the history of Telugu Literature .	writer
male	18	"Schoenbaum suspects Catholic sympathies of some kind or another in Shakespeare and his family , but considers the writer himself to be a less than pious person with essentially worldly motives : "" ... the artist takes precedence over the votary "" ."	writer
male	0	Writer Andrej Sládkovič lived and worked in Radvaň from 1856 until his death in 1872 .	writer
male	27	Upon its release in North America , the film received positive reviews for its sensitive portrayal of the romantic relationship that develops between a first year school teacher and his adolescent admirer .	teacher
male	9	Melagari then wrote her own novels , Her ghost writer eventually published books under his own name .	writer
male	27	"After seven years working on the character , Ordway largely left the Superman titles in 1993 , although he would make frequent returns to the character as writer and throughout his career , co - writing "" Adventures of Superman "" with Karl Kesel from issues # 539–540 , 558–562 , 564–567 in 1996 , and 1998–1999 ."	writer
male	10	"In fact , although Schurer is known as both a writer and a poet , his body of prose , consisting only of the short story collection "" Beam en Bast "" ( 1963 ) and his posthumously published autobiography "" De Besleine Spegel "" ( 1969 ) , is diminutive when compared to his poetry oeuvre ."	writer
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	16	In turn , they offer him their knowledge : while at school , a deceased math teacher helps him with his developing mathematics talent and an ex - army sergeant teacher imparts self - defense skills .	teacher
male	15	"Cevin Soling was first introduced to the Ik during the seventh grade , when his teacher assigned his class to read a Lewis Thomas essay entitled "" The Iks . """	teacher
male	18	On March 31 , 2014 , the team announced that Ridnour was stepping down as coach and former assistant Tyler Amaya was named as his replacement .	assistant
male	8	Another story about this date is that a teacher asked Atat u rk his birth date , that he responded he did not know it , and that the teacher suggested May 19 .	teacher
male	4	A small town school teacher witnesses the murder of a policeman by a criminal , Wyn , and is kidnapped by him and his brother , Slate .	teacher
male	4	An elegant and acute writer , Mart i nez Celis was a true master of certain brief essays that he published in El Porvenir under the pseudonym of El Abate Siey e s , in a section that he first called T o pico del D i a and later Un T o pico Cualquiera .	writer
male	17	Dong asserts that ' [t]he very first morning , though well intentioned , [ Jin 's ] teacher mispronounces his name , misidentifies his origin , and promotes stereotypes about people of Chinese heritage ' ( Dong 2011 , 238 ) .	teacher
male	12	Born in Mexico to a Panamanian father and a Mexican mother , Nurse was eligible to play for Mexico or Panama and on 31 May 2014 he made his debut for the Panama national football team coming in as a substitute during a 1 - 1 tie against Serbia , and scored his first international goal for Panama on a 2 - 2 tie against Costa Rica during the 2014 Copa Centroamericana .	nurse
male	7	In May 2015 , then school mathematics teacher Robert Emmett was convicted on his guilty plea of possessing child abuse material and of aggravated filming of the private parts of a child under the age of 16 , for which he received an Intensive Corrections Order , a form of non - custodial sentence .	teacher
male	3	"All About Jazz writer , Duncan Heining , stated "" Were it not for [ his ] earlier achievements , "" High Spirits "" might come more highly recommended ."	writer
male	3	Jim 's voice teacher gave him a recommendation for work as a professional in Chicago , and he followed it .	teacher
male	14	When he got to the nest , he killed the machine gunner and his assistant .	assistant
male	44	Italian neurologist Vincenzo Neri was able to discover cinematography at the beginning of his career , when in 1908 he went to Paris to learn and improve his clinical background by following neurological cases at La Pitié with Joseph Babinski , who became his teacher and friend .	teacher
male	2	When a nurse , in an effort to console him , gave him his son who had survived , the infant appeared sickly .	nurse
male	1	"Staff writer Peter Heck also took a first place award that year in the environment category for his report titled "" Biodiesel Plant is Proposed for Kent "" ."	writer
male	1	The nurse who took his blood sample developed a fever on February 4 .	nurse
male	5	Hell , Karmafist can play clerk on RFCU if he wants - - as long as he does it right .	clerk
male	17	"In the same year , but shortly after Cooper 's book appeared , a Michigan college physics teacher , Robert Ettinger , privately published his book """	teacher
male	14	Dolores , Matilda 's overzealous Christian mother , expresses an extreme distrust of the teacher and his curriculum .	teacher
male	7	It centers on a shy , unassuming clerk who develops the ability to walk through walls , and who challenges himself to stick to his moral center and change others ' lives , and his own , as a result .	clerk
male	46	In the period which saw the rise of the Reformation and gave to the study of the Hebrew Bible and to its language an importance in the history of the world , Levita furthered the study of Hebrew in Christian circles by his activity as a teacher and by his writings .	teacher
male	6	In 2005 , he was named Teacher of the Year by the students at the UCLA Extension program , where he taught creative writing .	teacher
male	9	Throughout his life he was a prolific and lucid writer and his many publications remain a lasting monument to his contribution to science .	writer
male	2	The English writer Jerome K. Jerome visited it in 1890 , during his return trip from Oberammergau :	writer
male	1	A writer searches for his missing wife .	writer
male	41	He later moved to Paris , and there he taught in 1507–1508 at the Collège de Calvi and then at the Collège de Montaigu , where he was a student of John Mair ( or Major ) and simultaneously was a teacher himself .	teacher
male	6	On October 12 , 2004 , writer Sam Kellerman ( brother of sports analyst Max Kellerman ) was killed at his apartment in Los Angeles .	writer
male	16	"The book is one of the most popular works by Jiménez , and unfolds around a writer and his eponymous donkey , Platero ( "" silvery "" ) ."	writer
male	12	The mausoleum is a symbol of mutual respect and love between that teacher and his student .	teacher
male	9	Dolphin was killed , aged 44 , but the nurse , though severely injured , survived due to his action .	nurse
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	9	Auditing is said to be successful only when the auditor conducts himself in accordance with the Code .	auditor
male	13	I 've Come About the Suicide is a 1987 Australian comedy about a writer and his man servant who try to convince the world that the writer has gone mad .	writer
male	1	"The writer presented a portrayal of Huth in his story "" Ein Mann namens Nagel "" ( literally : "" """	writer
male	43	"For example , in volume 3 , in "" What If Karen Page Had Lived ? "" , "" What If Jessica Jones Had Joined the Avengers ? "" and in "" Daredevil "" ( 2005 ) , Brian Michael Bendis , the writer himself , makes a cameo as narrator ."	writer
male	18	After Kerim khan overrode the whole Iran , he called Panahali khan to Shiraz and made him his counselor and his son charged Mehrali bey with ruling Karabakh .	counselor
male	5	His mother was an English teacher and his father a forester who advised clients on land - management projects , including various forms of environmental rehabilitation .	teacher
male	6	"The well - known English Masonic writer , Dr. George Oliver ( 1782–1867 ) , in his "" Historical Landmarks "" , 1846 , carried the story forward and even claimed that King Charles II was active in his attendance at meetings"	writer
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	9	Cox held the gun to one student when the teacher doubted he would cause harm and stated that he would prove it to her .	teacher
male	6	It was there that his journalism teacher , Edna Middlebrook , spurred his interest in photography .  	teacher
male	21	On July 14 , just as the legislation seemed likely to split his party into two warring factions , Robinson 's housekeeper found his pajama - clad body lying face down on the floor of his apartment in the United Methodist building on Maryland Ave , NE .	housekeeper
male	1	The writer , Grace Webster Haddock Hinsdale , was his daughter from his first marriage .	writer
male	13	Beginning of the previous century , in a neoclassical house in Athens a writer lays out his new novel .	writer
male	15	María de la Concepción ( Concha ) de Albornoz was the daughter of the Spanish writer and Second Republic political statesman Alvaro de Albornoz y Liminiana and his wife Amalia Salas Abella Fuertes .	writer
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	3	Pastor and hymn writer Paul Gerhardt was forced out of office in 1755 due to his staunch Lutheran convictions in a Berlin ruled by a Reformed prince .	writer
male	11	"In his book , "" The Gulag Archipelago "" , Soviet writer Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn described cases of cannibalism in 20th - century USSR ."	writer
male	4	"The 19th - century writer Jules Verne ( 1828–1905 ) quoted it in his novel "" A Family without a name "" ( ) , published in 1889 , set in the Canada of 1837 during the reformist rebellion ."	writer
male	3	A social studies teacher said his parents from India taught him the value of perspective-taking , a value he brought to the classroom :	teacher
male	20	For that reason , the second person is practically never used , whereas the first person appears only when the writer includes himself among the characters .	writer
male	1	"The writer of the "" Oxford Companion to Classical Literature "" ( 1937 ) praises him for his "" earnest devotion to truth "" and his systematic pursuit of causation ."	writer
male	9	"In the corresponding article within the issue , the writer dubbed Beltz the ultimate "" real car man "" and Beltz discussed the Toronado and briefly , his other favorite Olds model , the high - performance 442 ."	writer
male	4	"The anti - Nordicist writer Giuseppe Sergi argued in his influential book "" The Mediterranean Race "" ( 1901 ) that there was no evidence that the upper tiers of ancient societies were Nordic , insisting that historical and anthropological evidence contradicted such claims ."	writer
male	28	He was clerk of the Peace for Cape Breton county from December 1875 until January 1880 when the county was incorporated , and then he was appointed Municipal clerk , which he held until January 1883 when he became solicitor of the municipality -LRB- Sydney -RRB- .	clerk
male	8	After his first varsity football game , a writer from The Detroit News said he was a sure-fire all-state pick , if he could stay healthy .	writer
male	14	Brian also had a love affair of ceramics , his aunty was a ceramics teacher and his cousin is artist Greg Irvine .	teacher
male	7	Tvedt was born in Lier to the teacher and organist Elias Tvedt ( 1874–1956 ) and his wife Kristine Margrethe Odberg ( 1875–1948 ) .	teacher
male	5	Chayan Mukherjee is an eminent writer by himself .	writer
male	15	He acts on these premonitions to save three people from death , among them a nurse met during his recovery , Sherry Clarke ( Katee Sackhoff ) .	nurse
male	0	"Writer Michael Green drew upon his experiences as an acting member of The Questors ( from 1953 ) when he wrote his book """	writer
male	29	Knight was born on 9 November 1953 , at Solihull Hospital , Solihull , Birmingham , the elder child and only daughter of Donald Frank Knight , an art teacher and his wife , Valerie Knight , née Hanson , also a teacher .	teacher
male	5	Mohammed Ahmed is a seasoned writer and his flair for penning relatable and real stories is on full display in most of his work .	writer
male	1	The writer Paul Sarnoff suggested in his biography of Sage that he may have remarried for appearance 's sake , and may never have consummated his second marriage .	writer
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	7	"After graduation , Weigl became Nusbaum 's assistant and in 1913 completed his "" habilitacja "" in the department of comparative zoology and anatomy , which effectively gave him tenure ."	assistant
male	12	He was coaching alongside his brother Tino who also was a graduate assistant and his father Sal who was the linebackers coach .	assistant
male	4	His mother is a teacher , and his uncle : Qazi Rafi was a Kashmiri singer .	teacher
male	13	"Aho admits these "" darker "" issues but follows Charles Guignon , his teacher and one of Heidegger 's more original interpreters , by finding "" something less sinister afoot "" ( p. 116 ) ."	teacher
male	1	Former teacher in Sudan and factory - worker in Canada , he succeeded his father who was king for almost 60 years .	teacher
male	21	He is about to embark on a one - week road trip to Stockholm to receive the prize when his personal assistant , Rinaldo , injures his back and can no longer drive him there .	assistant
male	2	"The school librarian "" breaks "" his penis after Dizzy refuses to "" hand "" over the "" weapon "" to her ."	librarian
male	1	"Russian writer Alexander Zhitinsky made multiple references to "" Tristram Shandy "" in his novel "" The Flying House , or Conversations with Milord "" ( the "" milord "" of the title being Sterne ) ."	writer
male	4	A very popular clinical teacher , a Gold Medal for Clinical Medicine is awarded in his name by the Postgraduate Institute of Medicine , University of Colombo ( PGIM ) .	teacher
male	2	A prolific writer , he was best known for his articles in the Sunday paper on history and folklore of the Genesse Valley and the Finger Lakes of upstate New York .	writer
male	18	Spenser also notes of the author that ‘ there is a confidence here , a sense of a writer pushing himself to the limits ... that is hugely invigorating ’ .	writer
male	20	The grant of quarter sessions was revoked in 1890 when the office of recorder was consequently abolished and the town clerk lost his title of clerk of the peace .	clerk
male	6	It was initially not disclosed whether Nurse would continue in his playing role going into the 2016–17 season and he did not feature in any of Met Police 's matches in the opening two months of the season .	nurse
male	10	The sisters stumble upon the severed heads of the town baker and his wife in an oven when they are found by Sheriff Bryce Hammond , a former FBI agent , and his deputies Stu Wargle and Steve Shanning .	baker
male	2	The Greek writer Herodotus ( 485–425 BC ) reports in his travels through Egypt that the Egyptians calculated from right to left , contrary to the Greek custom of left to right .	writer
male	4	But , a gifted teacher , he said he could teach the necessary skills to anyone in two weeks .	teacher
male	3	The deluded science teacher who believes that he is attractive simply because he is the youngest male teacher at Saki girls .	teacher
male	2	"A hospital clerk asks Drew for Marlo 's maiden name , and he provides it : "" Tully "" ."	clerk
male	0	"Writer Greg Pak , however , demurred on his plans for "" Astonishing X - Men "" , or the details behind the teaser poster of Storm passionately kissing Cyclops , though an additional teaser poster was displayed featuring a character with golden claws ."	writer
male	1	An accountant as a young man , his means were such that he was able to pursue his interests as a naturalist and antiquarian .	accountant
male	4	A high school voice teacher spotted his potential and recommended he transfer to Roosevelt High School in East Los Angeles because it was more prestigious and had a better jazz orchestra .	teacher
male	21	"A 1991 romantic comedy / fantasy film , "" Delirious "" , starring John Candy , featured a TV soap opera writer who finds himself in the mythical town from the TV show , and uses a typewriter to change the characters and real - life story ."	writer
male	28	"Tom Waseleski of "" Beaver County Times "" pointed to "" Secret O ' Life "" as a prime example of the fact that Taylor is an introspective writer and is at his best when he allows his songs to reflect that ."	writer
male	4	He turned in what writer Mark Schilling described as his most unusual , and one of his best , performances of the period .	writer
male	11	He would dance in the halls at school , and his teacher told his parents to sign him up for dance lessons .	teacher
male	15	The story of the novel starts in month of February 1971 , when the Arabic teacher of Nilgonj High School , Mawlana Irtazuddin Kashempuri visits his younger brother Shahed and his family in Dhaka .	teacher
male	7	After the death of Yordan , his assistant , the Bulgarian Army officer Dimitar Dechev , took his place .	assistant
male	12	His mother , Anne Kendrick Benedict , was a writer and a teacher and his maternal grand - mother , a Professor of Greek , Latin and Sanskrit at the University of Rochester and was an editor of the King James Version of the Bible .	teacher
male	1	His assistant just above acknowledges that he is organizing a concerted effort to keep this promotion on Wikipedia .	assistant
male	3	"The horror fiction writer Stephen King praised the film in his non - fiction book "" Danse Macabre "" ( 1991 ) as one of his favourite horror movies between 1950 and 1980 ."	writer
male	0	"Writer Calvin Bedient discusses Davie 's style in his book "" Eight Contemporary Poets "" ."	writer
male	1	The writer Alan Bennett describes his mother 's treatment in the hospital in his memoirs .	writer
male	7	His father , Joseph , was a tailor and his mother , Jane , was one of 12 siblings from a family of Eastern European refugees .	tailor
male	5	"In the words of fellow writer and former Prime Minister of Malta , Alfred Sant , Napoleon and his impact on Malta were "" enduring subjects of [ Sammut 's ] interests and research "" .  "	writer
male	30	"Kirkpatrick 's biographer Ian Wilson believes that Kirkpatrick quickly developed a strong reputation for aggressive teaching leadership ; at any rate , in late 1872 the young "" Inst "" teacher put in his name as the prospective headmaster of the newly established County Armagh grammar school , Lurgan College ."	teacher
male	8	Losing the life he knew , the icon writer goes on an emotional journey to cleanse himself of the influence of the portrait , living a life of a recluse .	writer
male	17	Robert Sherman began his broadcasting career at radio station WQXR in New York as a typist - clerk eventually working his way up to Program Director and then Senior Consultant .	clerk
male	3	However , the assistant boatswain , Mark Stanley , had returned to his cabin for a short break after cleaning the car deck upon arrival , and was still asleep when the harbour - stations call sounded and the ship dropped her moorings .	assistant
male	4	It focuses on a writer and his long - suffering wife .	writer
male	0	Writer Malone resigned from his head writer position in early 1996 .	writer
male	9	Rommel had one older sister who was an art teacher and his favourite sibling , one older brother named Manfred who died in infancy and two younger brothers , of whom one became a successful dentist and the other an opera singer .	teacher
male	0	"Writer Austin Powell , in his 2011 book "" The Austin Chronicle Music Anthology "" , has noted that the influence of Little Richard 's singing style is clearly heard in "" You 're Gon na Miss Me "" , with Erickson 's primal shrieks and wailing ."	writer
male	4	Nichiren was a prolific writer and his biography , temperament , and the evolution of his beliefs has been gleaned primarily from his own writings .  	writer
male	17	"He starred in the HBO show "" Bored to Death "" , in which he played a writer who moonlights as a private detective and puts himself up for hire on Craigslist ."	writer
male	9	He is the second of three sons born to writer and editor Daniel O'Keefe and his wife Deborah .	writer
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	12	One day , Ling and her father rescue a counter - revolutionary writer who was trying to commit suicide by drowning himself .	writer
male	3	The chief Bulgarian teacher in the region of Ohrid , Yakim Derebanov wrote in his report from 1905 that there were 110 Bulgarian houses in the village , inhabited by 640 Bulgarian Christians and 16 Turkish houses , inhabited by 70 Turks - Muslims .	teacher
male	1	Another writer that found inspiration in this work was Frank O'Connor especially in his short story	writer
male	5	During his playing career , Nurse invested in several Bed and breakfast hotels in the Oystermouth area of Swansea .	nurse
male	3	In 1944 Sorb writer Jurij Češka was killed on his way to join Yugoslav Partisans .	writer
male	22	In parallel to his practical work , Gnudtzmann worked at the Technical College from 1876 to 1909 , first as Herholdt 's assistant and later as his successor , and then became a titular professor at the Academy .	assistant
male	11	A student of Johann Heinrich Tischbein , he was also a teacher himself ( his pupils included Ferdinand Jagemann ) , as well as an entrepreneur and friend of Goethe .	teacher
male	18	"The recording presents a compilation of the history of this kind of singing on record , and the writer , musicologist Gregor Benko , states his opinion that Bates - Batcheller was an even "" greater "" bad singer than Florence Foster Jenkins ."	writer
male	2	Her old teacher , Rudolf von Laban , introduced Nirenska to his eldest daughter , Juana de Laban , in 1951 .	teacher
male	1	A nurse who had not heard from him since May 8 went to his home in the Shoreham Towers , West Hollywood , California , where his body was discovered .	nurse
male	18	A strong , distinctive , authoritative writing voice is something most fiction writers want and is something any writer can bring out in himself or herself , but oddly enough , it ca n't be produced by concentrating on it , nor can it be imparted by an editor or teacher .	writer
male	5	"According to Mihuleac , the writer was critical of his own position in relation to the Communist Party and explained it as a compromise — he believed this message to be evident in Bogza 's poem "" Treceam "" ( "" I Was Passing "" ) :  "	writer
male	1	"A teacher there recognized his capabilities and , in 1896 , assisted him in gaining admission to the "" Lehrerseminare "" ( Teacher Training College ) in Bremen ."	teacher
male	13	"Francis Furman ( born 22 March 1961 ) is a British comic book writer who is best known for his work on Hasbro / Tomy 's "" Transformers "" franchise , starting with writing Marvel 's initial comic book to promote the toyline worldwide , as well as foundations for both and IDW Publishing 's takes on the "" Generation 1 "" minifranchise ."	writer
male	2	His first teacher was Manolo Carmona , and then he became a student of Manolo Sanlúcar .	teacher
male	1	His assistant , Harold Tittman , repeatedly pointed out to Pius the dangers to his moral leadership by his failure to speak out against the violations of the natural law carried out by the Nazis .	assistant
male	9	In 1989 , when he was four , his teacher was astounded by his arithmetic abilities and developed advanced classwork just for him .	teacher
male	2	"Fellow EW writer Chris Willman ranked the album number 1 on his list of the worst albums of 2007 , stating that , "" If you 're seeking a circle of hell lower than the one in which "" Crank That "" is ubiquitous , listen to his entire album . """	writer
male	1	The writer of the later text identifies himself as a former slave .	writer
male	1	The teacher there suggested he audition for Les Miserables when the touring company came to Newcastle which he did and he was delighted to be chosen to play Gavroche , the urchin boy .	teacher
male	12	His work does not survive , but scholars have conjectures about the writer and his work .	writer
male	26	The second chapters provides a quick biographic summary of Richelieu from his early years until his entrance in the courtly circles , his work as a writer and his political career .	writer
male	24	"Ein - Mensch - Theater ( "" human being "" ) is a German expression for a traveling theater , within the owner is writer , director , stage designer , performer and sometimes even his own tour manager in one person ."	writer
male	3	He was an accountant with the East India Company in Bombay , and his wife Arabella née Robinson ( 1795 - 1855 ) and children seem to have travelled much between there and Sunderland , where Bella 's mother came from .	accountant
male	3	The local parish clerk , Willie Woolhave , contributed greatly to his schooling with Isaac showing aptitude for mathematics and drawing .	clerk
male	6	And then one day , the teacher finally told him that he could use a euphemism if it would stop him from wasting class time .	teacher
male	4	He also married his assistant the same year , with whom he had a girl in 1980 and a boy in 1983 .	assistant
male	15	One of them , Hickey ( John Tench ) , demands that a convenience store clerk hand over all his cash .	clerk
male	6	David insists that he needs an assistant so that he does not need to do his own filing .	assistant
male	8	Andreu Iglesias was constantly preoccupied , as a writer and journalist as well as through his civil acts , with the issue of social injustice .	writer
male	10	Balraj Komal , born in 1928 , was a freelance writer post his retirement from the Delhi Administration as an Education officer .	writer
male	18	In response to the 10 February 1948 decree on so - called ' formalist ' composers , his teacher Dmitri Shostakovich was dismissed from his professorships in Leningrad and Moscow ; the 21-year - old Rostropovich quit the conservatory , dropping out in protest .	teacher
male	33	"Skybreak , the home she then shared with her husband Tony , was also featured in the film , as the interior location for the scene in which Alex 's gang attack a writer and his wife ( played by Patrick Magee and Adrienne Corri ) in "" A Clockwork Orange "" was Shirley 's last film appearance for close to 35 years ."	writer
male	28	"Webb 's version of history has been heavily criticised by historian Michael Newton ( University of North Carolina ) as "" an example of what happens when a writer ( without a proper grasp of history or the historical method ) exploits Scotland and its people for his own political ends "" , dismissing its unfounded claims as "" narcissistic and careless in the extreme . """	writer
male	11	Relatively little is known about the physicians who attended the German writer Friedrich von Hardenberg ( 1772 - 1801 ) and his fiancee Sophie von Kühn ( 1782 - 1797 ) during the years immediately preceding their deaths .	writer
male	21	"In his 1923 idiosyncratic but influential "" Studies in Classic American Literature "" , novelist , poet , and short story writer D. H. Lawrence celebrated the originality and value of American authors , among them Melville ."	writer
male	20	He was elected to the Acad e mie fran c aise in 1862 , and in 1868 he was made librarian of Fontainebleau palace , where he had to reside for a month or two in each year .	librarian
male	3	"The late Roman writer Vegetius , in his work "" De Re Militari "" , wrote :"	writer
male	5	In his essay , the writer does not speak about Croats or Bosniaks , but about Ustaše and Muslims .	writer
male	7	During the Spanish Civil War , the writer Joaquín Arderíus served as the organization 's president before exiling himself to France and then Mexico .	writer
male	14	Bigalow wakes up in a replica of his apartment , overseen by an addiction counselor who will allow him to leave only if he quits smoking .	counselor
male	30	Aquilina had gone missing in Valletta on 24 February while carrying a large sum of cash and cheques from his workplace to a bank , and the 31-year - old cashier George Terreni was later convicted of his murder .	cashier
male	2	"The Royalist writer Robert Brady criticised them in his "" Introduction to the Old English History "" ( 1694 ) and in the first volume of his "" History of England "" ( 1695 ) ."	writer
male	23	"A later critic , applying a Talmudic witticism to Judah , has said : "" It is hard for the dough when the baker himself calls it bad . """	baker
male	1	The writer hilariously wrote his money 's on Pat Evans ( Pam St. Clement ) .	writer
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	22	Buday studied at the Academy of Music , which is today known as the Franz Liszt Academy of Music , where his teacher , Hans von Koessler , held his lectures in German .	teacher
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	2	One senior nurse , Terry Bryan , reported his concerns to the management at Winterbourne View and to CQC , but his complaint was not taken up .	nurse
male	13	"In his essay "" The Baroque and the Marvelous Real "" , Cuban writer Alejo Carpentier defined the baroque by a lack of emptiness , a departure from structure or rules , and an "" extraordinary "" abundance ( plenitude ) of disorienting detail ( citing Mondrian as its opposite ) ."	writer
male	1	"Greek writer Xenophon , in his "" Cyropaedia "" ( 4th century BCE ) , mentions that the king of India was very wealthy , and aspired to arbitrate in the disputes between the kingdoms of West Asia ."	writer
male	6	Bob Utley is a contemporary Bible teacher who is best known for his commentary series that covers the Old and New Testaments .	teacher
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	13	""" Cross ( Edward G. Robinson ) , a meek amateur painter and cashier for a clothing retailer , is fêted by his employer for twenty - five years of service ."	cashier
male	28	"They turn to the fact that the Damascus Document describes the group amongst whom the Document was created as having been leaderless for 20 years before the "" Teacher of Righteousness "" established his rule over the group to explain that both works are from the same group under different situations ."	teacher
male	2	A music teacher at Concordia Teachers College ( now Concordia University ) in Seward , Nebraska noticed his name and paintings while reading Ford Times at a barber shop .	teacher
male	16	"Drew thought that the project was exciting and that to her knowledge , "" no black writer had ever traced his origins back through slavery ."	writer
male	6	In 2018 , a gay kindergarten teacher sued his former school after he was dismissed from his job , following a social media post he had made about attending an LGBT event .	teacher
male	8	"Philippe Dauchez , a French stage director and teacher of dramatic art at the Institut National des Arts ( INA ) in Bamako , drew his inspiration from a popular theater tradition , the koteba , and created the "" useful theater "" , whose aim is to make messages about health acceptable by presenting them in an amusing way ."	teacher
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	21	During the time that they were together , Meigs and Deming moved to Wellfleet , Massachusetts , where she befriended the writer and critic Edmund Wilson and his circle of friends .	writer
male	25	"As the latter rose and bowed , saying : "" Do I have the honour of sitting next to Ivan Alekseyevich Bunin ? "" the writer sprang to his feet : "" I have the even higher honour of sitting next to an officer of the great Red Army !"	writer
male	8	"In his book "" Panthast "" , Goan writer Ravindra Kelekar blamed the failure of the non - violent Goa Freedom Movement , spearheaded by Lohia on the squabbles and ego - clashes between Kakodkar and Ram Hegde ."	writer
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	At the beginning of each episode , the writer himself makes an introduction to the historical facts about the life and deeds of Petko .	writer
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	27	Additionally , an old magazine in the past stated that he was supposedly the contender for Cosmos ' position as the show 's main hero , but writer Hideyuki Kawakami deny this accusation in his blog .	writer
male	10	The series centered on Joe Kelley , a political science teacher who was forced to retire when he turned 66 , who then got himself elected to the U.S senate in spite of his not having any political experience .	teacher
male	10	In March 2014 , the school publicly announced that a teacher , Jack Moyer , had sexually abused students during his tenure from 1963~1988 .	teacher
male	12	Pir does not know Proper Urdu , once in an Interview his Teacher said that he always go 0 marks in Urdu and put the paper Blank .	teacher
male	14	"In May 2019 , Alison Flood reported in "" The Guardian "" that the writer Benjamin Moser , in his biography of Sontag titled "" "" due to be published in September 2019 , would present evidence that while "" Freud : The Mind of the Moralist "" was based partly on Rieff 's research , the book was actually written by Sontag rather than by Rieff ."	writer
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	21	His father worked as a teacher , and his eldest son Ede would later follow in his footsteps by becoming a teacher himself .	teacher
male	1	A baker , Pujol would sometimes entertain his customers by imitating musical instruments and claim to be playing them behind the counter .	baker
male	5	Following a bitter row , writer Stephen Holt ( Derek Farr ) walks out on his wife Jan ( Patricia Plunkett ) and goes to drown his sorrows at a nightclub .	writer
male	1	Her assistant names the child Oliver Twist from his rotating alphabetical list of names .	assistant
male	6	She became the first Protestant woman writer , publishing letters and poems promoting and defending Martin Luther as well as his co - worker Philip Melanchthon and other Protestant groups .	writer
male	6	The film was completed by his assistant , Manikandan , his wife Anees Tanveer and his mentor cinematographer P. C. Sreeram .	assistant
male	3	Eshima ’s Juilliard teacher , David Walter , was the principal bass of the New York City Ballet orchestra and he played the Plumerel for more than 30 years .	teacher
male	1	Their teacher Beurs was very proud of his pupils and dedicated his book on painting and paint - mixing to them in 1692 .	teacher
male	23	Countess Konstanz Wachtmeister , widow of the Swedish ambassador at London , remembered the details of this conversation in which Blavatsky ' s Teacher said that he `` needs her participation in the work he is going to undertake '' and `` she will live three years in Tibet to prepare for this important mission .	teacher
male	1	The clerk , as per his orders , lies to Mahone that Wyatt has already checked out .	clerk
male	2	"The American writer Poul Anderson used this story in his novel "" Hrolf Kraki 's Saga "" ( 1973 ) ."	writer
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	1	The clerk accidentally ignited the fire with himself inside , and his charred remains are similar enough to Tom 's for the coroner to declare Tom dead .	clerk
male	4	His mother is a teacher and his father a retired civil engineer .	teacher
male	5	After 14 years as an assistant Whittet returned to his alma mater to assume the reins in 2009–10 , a position he still holds .	assistant
male	14	At approximately 10:30 AM , while supervising the fence construction , Arnstadt and his assistant Karlheinz Roßner broke away from his men to closer inspect the border west of the fence .	assistant
male	0	Writer Andy Hill was known for his association with Bucks Fizz and Peter Sinfield was a former member of the rock group King Crimson .	writer
male	1	"Animation writer Paul Dini also thanked the Critic for his episode "" The Top 11 "" "" Episodes "" ."	writer
male	2	Thus the writer of that paragraph must have been over-zealous in the way he descrbed impact of Gulbenkian on Portugal and the Armenians .	writer
male	12	The appointment of John Kirton as Clerk of the Treasury ( ' clerk of Hell ' ) in 1506 was obtained by royal writ , and was said ( by his discharged predecessor ) to have been purchased from the king for 300 marks by the management of Stephen Jenyns .	clerk
male	22	"The fourth volume of the series , "" The Universal Pantograph "" , never appeared , reputedly because of conflicts between the writer and his publisher ."	writer
male	12	"In his profile of Walker for "" ESPNcricinfo "" , the sports writer Thomas Rose said : "" He impressed in representative games and was often the shining light of a rather dismal Tasmanian side ... """	writer
male	5	In 2008 , his music teacher got him to audition for the Drakensberg Boys ' Choir School and at the event he met his biggest supporting person , Rosalyn Beukes .	teacher
male	1	A teacher introduced him to the masterworks through Perry Picture reproductions , and he also took pleasure in drawing exercises from popular art coursebooks .	teacher
male	1	"Irish writer James Joyce exemplifies this style in his novel "" Ulysses "" ."	writer
male	22	He had to fight for the support he needed from the California Department of Vocational Rehabilitation to attend college because his rehabilitation counselor thought he was too severely disabled to ever get a job .	counselor
male	19	He grew up in Washington County , Mississippi , where as a seventh grader he was encouraged by his teacher and his mother to research a local racist incident , despite the opposition of some citizens .	teacher
male	6	In a 2006 column , a writer for the San Jose Mercury News noted that he could only listen to a broadcast of a Stanley Cup playoff game on KUFX since his cable company did not carry OLN -LRB- later Versus .	writer
male	14	When he was about to hit Kiser with a rock a student warned the teacher and a struggle ensued in which Griffith stabbed Kiser several times , leaving him deathly injured .	teacher
male	1	The auditor assures the preclear that he will be fully aware of everything that happens during the session .	auditor
male	16	The basic elements of the narrative were set early on : Alan Wake as a successful writer finds himself in the small town of Bright Falls where due to supernatural events his writings have come to life to attack him .	writer
male	6	Following his departure from Barnet , Nurse joined Isthmian League side Metropolitan Police for the 2015–16 campaign .	nurse
male	5	His mother was a school teacher , and his father the Drama Adviser for Cheshire County Council , receiving an MBE for services to theatre in the 1980s .	teacher
male	2	Unemployed television writer Murray Burns ( Jason Robards ) lives in a cluttered New York City studio apartment with his 12-year - old nephew , Nick ( Barry Gordon ) .	writer
male	15	He was judged because of his thoughts , and this was the first time a teacher in university was judged because of his ideas .	teacher
male	29	Donahue was born into a middle - class , churchgoing , Irish Catholic family in Cleveland , Ohio ; his father , Phillip Donahue , was a furniture sales clerk and his mother , Catherine ( McClory ) , a department store shoe clerk .	clerk
male	1	"Italian writer and traveller , Niccolao Manucci , who worked under Jahangir 's grandson , Dara Shikoh , began his discussion of Jahangir by saying : "" It is a truth tested by experience that sons dissipate what their fathers gained in the sweat of their brow . """	writer
male	8	According to the hotel staff , a Nepalese housekeeper entered his room unannounced and with no form of uniform or identification .	housekeeper
male	21	When the town 's chief censor comes to use the library as a testing ground for burning selected books , a librarian angers him with his strange behavior .	librarian
male	3	A young hospital nurse shares his experience of his voluntary work promoting oral health .	nurse
male	7	In his view , what the modernist writer should strive at was historical relevance , by depicting in personal terms the fragmentary character of the social reality around him , described through the objective sensation felt , shunning any kind of commentary wo nt at offering a sense of coherence and totality .	writer
male	2	His old housekeeper rubbed his arms and legs to restore the circulation ; as a result , he regained consciousness .	housekeeper
male	1	A teacher revered as much for his great culture as for his kindness , he was able to bring many of his students to the very highest level .	teacher
male	5	"In a 2017 article , writer David White listed the album among his list of sixteen "" essential classic rock Christmas albums . """	writer
male	2	"Another English writer , Arnold Wright , refers in his "" Twentieth Century Impressions of Netherlands India "" to Khouw 's Chinese Captaincy and membership in the Chinese Council , and to his family 's influence in Batavia ."	writer
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	15	"In his review of "" Born to Run "" for "" Rolling Stone "" , writer Greil Marcus said :"	writer
male	15	In an interview with the Maariv daily newspaper on 7 August 2003 , his personal assistant , Amir Porat , revealed that Gonen considered assassinating Moshe Dayan after the war , and that he lived in fear that he would somehow `` disappear '' .	assistant
male	3	The deputy head teacher of St John 's stated that he knew the band would go far and he told them to push for a record deal .	teacher
male	2	His art teacher in High School , Max Bernd - Cohen , encouraged his creativity , was a profound influence , and became a lifelong friend .	teacher
male	3	"Brooks became a writer and journalist himself , joining "" The Sporting Times "" no later than 1876 ."	writer
male	14	After earning the graduate degree of BOL , he started his career as a teacher at Naduvannur High School but his tenure there was short - lived as he resigned following a dispute with the school management to move to a tutorial college in Kozhikode .	teacher
male	0	"Writer Kevin Courrier , in his 2005 book "" Randy Newman 's American Dreams "" , describes the song as about the "" ambiguities of romance "" with the singer the protagonist in an "" ill - fated love affair "" ."	writer
male	3	"Top Gear "" writer Richard Porter included it in his book "" Crap Cars "" , calling it "" dismal "" ."	writer
male	3	"Science - fiction writer Ray Bradbury wrote about a technology - powered "" nursery "" in his 1950 story "" The Veldt "" ."	writer
male	2	His art teacher recommended him to the church painter Constantinescu and he became the latter 's apprentice after school .	teacher
male	3	A principal and teacher at the high school had been removed from his duties , based on charges against him that included ' conduct unbecoming a teacher ' related to the removal of his coat while teaching one day .	teacher
male	5	When Frasier discovers that his accountant and former Oxford classmate , Avery ( John Hannah ) , is cheating on his wife with Julia , he confronts Avery , unaware that Julia is hiding in a closet , overhearing the entire conversation .	accountant
male	10	However , when they go to treat Mr. Danielson 's accountant , who had poisoned himself as a suicide attempt , Jo realizes that the doctor is a charlatan .	accountant
male	0	"Writer Jim Vorel ranked the episode the eighth best in his rankings of the show 's first 11 seasons ( 191 episodes ) , and Season 11 head writer Elliott Kalan selected "" Mitchell "" as his ninth - favorite "" MST3 K "" episode ."	writer
male	1	"The writer Hannu Salama was convicted of blasphemy for his 1964 novel "" Juhannustanssit "" ."	writer
male	13	From 1952 to 1954 he was an assistant at the Institute where his teacher Max von Laue was a large influence to his later research .	teacher
male	8	Albright married a white teacher and became a teacher himself .	teacher
male	7	"In 150 AD , Greco - Roman writer and astronomer Ptolemy catalogued this object in his "" Almagest "" as a star on the horse 's back , "" Quae est in principio scapulae "" ."	writer
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	14	"The narratives are linked by a run - down flophouse overseen by a night clerk ( Screamin ' Jay Hawkins ) and his disheveled bellboy ( Cinqué Lee ) , the use of Elvis Presley 's song "" Blue Moon "" , and a gunshot ."	clerk
male	23	"Eighteen months later , in a discussion of intrusive federal "" Baby Doe "" regulations with co-workers at the hospital , a registered nurse mentioned that he had found a way to avoid these provisions , and that he had in fact done so on one occasion by killing this particular infant ."	nurse
male	2	Marat 's housekeeper asks her to come back another time but he demands that she be let in .	housekeeper
male	5	Goldsmith was also a music teacher himself .	teacher
male	1	One teacher who was evacuated with his students in 1945 kept a diary and noted the gradual shift in daily activities from education to agriculture to gathering activities .	teacher
male	17	The aim of this paper is to present the rare occurrence of the case of a male teacher in Turkey who sexually abused his students in an elementary school .	teacher
male	5	"More recently , the Sursilvan writer Arno Camenisch ( born 1978 ) gained attention outside the Romansh community for his novels and short stories , including the bilingual Romansh - German book "" Sez Ner "" ."	writer
male	0	Clerk made his fortune as a merchant ( he is understood to have been a clothier ) and manager of a coal mine , and in 1763 he was able to buy himself the property of Eldin , in Lasswade , near Edinburgh .	clerk
male	3	The science fiction writer Spider Robinson has made it clear that he is also among MacDonald ' s admirers .	writer
male	1	A teacher attending a diabetes closing event said that he learned about healthy foods and how to prevent diabetes from the students and the professional speaker .	teacher
male	9	This is clearly indicative of the impact that his teacher and spiritual leader Tahir al - Sumbal Makki had on his life , and the high degree of respect that Haji treated his mentors with .	teacher
male	6	"Right before the sale , Chicago writer Happy Palmer quoted Spalding about his plans to manage Kelly : "" Oh , tie him up , I guess , if he really is averse to playing here ."	writer
male	3	""" My former assistant , had bought a house in Marrakesh with his boyfriend , and he was talking about moving there "" , Cross says ."	assistant
male	4	Meanwhile , Paul 's nurse , Carol Butler ( Gray ) , is opening his office when she is confronted by Paul , who urges her to go home .	nurse
male	11	Aristides responded by appealing to Pollio , who saw that his assistant altered his confirmation , thus allowing Aristides to once again avoid his civic responsibilities .	assistant
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	4	"In 1847 the English writer and social critic Charles Dickens stayed in the hotel , along with his friend and colleague Mark lemon who was the founding editor of both "" Punch "" and "" The Field "" ."	writer
male	0	Clerk died at his house in Fenchurch Street in the autumn of 1714 , in the seventy - fifth year of his age .	clerk
male	8	When nearly everyone is knocked down , one cashier pulls out his gun .	cashier
male	25	Over time , Rodrigo is enchanted with the sweet Wendy , a girl that Bindisi , a shy boy is passionate about , and the nurse uses his own brother , Luis Carlos , to separate them two .	nurse
male	5	The father claimed that the teacher had caned his son too hard and he furthermore offered up various insults to the teacher .	teacher
male	1	An accountant by trade , he made his fortune through the growth and sale of the Spring Ram kitchen manufacturing company .	accountant
male	20	Article does not assert notability , and there are only a few mentions on a Google search , including one teacher who claims he made it up in 1996 .	teacher
male	7	"In his recollections from that period , writer Victor Eftimiu suggested that the relationship was not entirely harmonious : "" Camil Ressu , like other young unknown painters , found a lot of support and encouragement with Bogdan - Pitești ."	writer
male	18	""" Walking the High Ridge : Life as Field Trip "" reflects on Pyle ’s development as a writer and on his sources , influences , and beliefs ."	writer
male	2	"Eminent travel writer Patrick Leigh Fermor chose "" In Xanadu "" as his book of the year in the "" Spectator "" and wrote , """	writer
male	15	Federal guidelines require recipients to submit the documents no more than 30 days after the auditor submits his reports or 9 months after the final day of the audit period , whichever comes first .	auditor
male	10	"It is through the "" Bannawag "" that every Ilokano writer has proved his mettle by publishing his first Iloko short story , poetry , or essay , and thereafter his succeeding works , in its pages ."	writer
male	9	Apart from these , there are complications involving the writer himself .	writer
male	3	"An Odessa sports writer expressed concern about the team 's name , which he found insufficiently intimidating and which sounded like "" something you might eat for breakfast . """	writer
male	5	A chief surgeon kills the nurse with whom he is having an affair after he becomes engaged to be married to the hospital director ' s daughter .	nurse
male	15	"During his three - and - a - half years in Soledad , a black counselor introduced Duren to the writings of the African American historian and sociologist W.E.B. Du Bois – especially "" The World and Africa "" ."	counselor
male	4	His mother was a teacher and his father a carpenter .	teacher
male	11	During his second term at Grange Hill , a new head teacher was installed .	teacher
male	12	After teaching a period in Meersburg , Pracht had been appointed music teacher at the Humboldt Gymnasium in Karlsruhe where he worked more than two decades until retiring in 1945 .	teacher
male	38	"In his contribution on Malik Ram and his works , entitled "" A Seeker of Knowledge , "" G.D. Chandan from the Press Information Bureau of the Government of India , and a well - known Urdu story writer himself , wrote :"	writer
male	2	"Sariputta 's assistant , Cunda , then brought his relics to the Buddha in Savatthi , where they were enshrined in a "" stupa "" at Jetavana monastery ."	assistant
male	1	"Music writer Michael Azerrad asserted in his 2001 book "" Our Band Could Be Your Life "" that Hüsker Dü was the key link between hardcore punk and the more melodic , diverse music of college rock that emerged ."	writer
male	3	Wilson 's former assistant , David Thomson , returned to his firm as a partner shortly after , taking on the running of the practice .	assistant
male	17	He apparently used $ 23,000 in funds for work on his estate , including having his executive assistant cut down trees on his property .	assistant
male	10	A barrister by training , Pulman 's tenure as Lords librarian was marked by his lack of interest in historical collections .	librarian
male	2	A prolific writer , possibly the most productive one in Romania before 1930 , he completed some 65 volumes , by his own account , both long and short .	writer
male	7	"In celebrating Reggie Fils - Aime , writer Jordan Minor featured Twintelle on his list of his favorite black characters , calling her the "" Queen of ARMS ."	writer
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	29	Other travellers become involved , including a US Army sergeant with an eye for the ladies , an adulterous couple , an idiot stockbroker , a wealthy , autocratic writer and his brow - beaten secretary , an ornithologist , and a French police inspector .	writer
male	0	"Writer Jeremy Parish ranked Isabelle as his 11th best character in "" Super Smash Bros. Ultimate "" ."	writer
male	2	My calculus teacher says `` exponentiate '' , but admits he made that word up .	teacher
male	7	After his death in 1890 , his assistant Edward Reed took over the business .	assistant
male	0	Nurse continued his strong performances leading Puerto Rico to the USSF Division 2 Pro League championship title defeating the Carolina Railhawks in the Playoff Final .	nurse
male	10	This was a reference to when Conan O'Brien was a writer for the show and was of Irish descent , and his use of Irish stereotypes .	writer
male	6	A shift or part-shift involving a nurse and his patient on close observation was defined as the observation unit .	nurse
male	0	"Writer Roberta Smith has written about his work that "" Few representational painters have managed to rid themselves of quite so much representation and still make pictures ."	writer
male	8	"In his album review , "" Pitchfork "" writer Sam Sodomsky called "" Do n't Take the Money "" a "" worthy [ addition ] to his catalog "" ."	writer
male	1	"The writer and gardener Christopher Stocks notes in his book "" Forgotten Fruits "" ( 2008 ) that Charlotte Knight "" deserves posthumous recognition "" given how rare it was for women to generate new cultivars : "" of all the hundreds of varieties of fruits and vegetables in this book , Waterloo is the only one not to have been created by a man "" ."	writer
male	4	A high school physics teacher changed his life forever .	teacher
male	1	"The writer finished off his review by noting that Lee 's "" latest musical affair with darkness is captivating "" and it would almost make listeners "" wish [ their ] heart was broken "" ."	writer
male	5	"Ken Layne is an American writer , publisher and broadcaster best known for his political blogging in the early 2000s and his association with Gawker Media and "" Wonkette "" from 2006 to 2012 ."	writer
male	2	The comic writer and actor Tony Hendra says that at the beginning of Beard ' s tenure , he was painfully shy but the magazine ' s authority over what material was used .	writer
male	25	"Thomas Arthur Guy Hungerford , AM ( 5 May 191519 June 2011 ) , popularly known as T. A. G. Hungerford , was an Australian writer , noted for his World War II novel "" The Ridge and the River "" , and his short stories that chronicle growing up in South Perth , Western Australia during the Great Depression ."	writer
male	7	His mother is a long - time nurse and real estate agent and his father a former high school baseball coach in Overland Park , Kansas .	nurse
male	4	"Kansas - born political writer Thomas Frank quoted lyrics from their song "" Sex Drive "" in his bestselling 2004 book "" What 's the Matter with Kansas ? "" ."	writer
male	7	"In the 19th century , the French writer Louis Ménard used the term "" mystical paganism "" for his attempt to create a substitute for organized religion , in which he used a humanistic approach to recognize the importance of symbols and the irrational ."	writer
male	4	His mother was a hairdresser and his father , a musician .	hairdresser
male	17	Rex Todhunter Stout (; December 1 , 1886 – October 27 , 1975 ) was an American writer noted for his detective fiction .	writer
male	6	He became widely known as a teacher and his output as a composer was considerable .	teacher
male	8	His interest in biology deepened when an elementary teacher brought a microscope from mainland England into his small classroom .	teacher
male	17	His early works tend to be romantic but after meeting and appreciating Arpiar Arpiarian , a realist writer himself , he began writing in the realist style .	writer
male	76	"Although the review in "" The New York Times "" called the film "" the most brilliant picture yet this year "" and praised Sturges ' mix of escapist fun with underlying significance , "" The Hollywood Reporter "" said that it lacked the "" down to earth quality and sincerity which made [ Sturges 's ] other three pictures a joy to behold "" and that "" Sturges ... fails to heed the message that writer Sturges proves in his script ."	writer
male	5	"Logan Sandler is an American writer and director who is best known for his first feature film "" Live Cargo "" ."	writer
male	1	The nurse laid a portrait of Hitler on his one side , and a portrait of Göring on the other .	nurse
male	13	His mother , Alma Elaine ( née Donnelly ) , was a bank clerk and nurse 's aide , and his father , Donald Edmond Wahlberg Sr . , was a teamster who worked as a delivery driver ; they divorced in 1982 .	clerk
male	1	English writer Jonathan Moore profiled this on his posthumous book about Perry Ellis .	writer
male	1	The writer and journalist Eugenio Dávila loses his wife and his daughter in a plane crash that also hurts him .	writer
male	10	The Outside article includes a quote from Darsney telling another writer that although he did make the statement to Krakauer , he now believes that during the period the climbing team lost track of him , Mortenson may have ended up in that village .	writer
male	20	The supply clerks send him from one store room to another on the ship , then the last store room clerk informs the sailor that he just yesterday issued the last tub of `` elbow grease '' to the engine room .	clerk
male	24	The film 's manuscript , a copy of which is held at the Danish Film Institute , was finished by O'Fredericks after original script writer Jens Dennow died in a plane accident along with his wife Gerda Neumann .	writer
male	17	House clerks Samuel Burch and J. T. Frost moved House papers to a secret location and Senate clerk Lewis Machen took Senate documents to his farm in Maryland .	clerk
male	1	"The writer Hanns Heinz Ewers used information from Heimsoth in his 1931 novel "" Reiter in deutscher Nacht "" ( "" Knights of the German Night "" ) , about the "" Freikorps "" ."	writer
male	5	Madeleine became the Cathedral 's librarian and his office was adjacent to his , with a door that went from the library to his office .	librarian
male	2	"The French writer Aimé Césaire , in his play "" Une Tempête "" sets "" The Tempest "" in Haiti , portraying Ariel as a mulatto who , unlike the more rebellious Caliban , feels that negotiation and partnership is the way to freedom from the colonisers ."	writer
male	11	He attended Jefferson High School in Brooklyn , where a history teacher helped him prepare for admissions tests and suggested he pursue Asian history studies .	teacher
male	1	The teacher then began to ignore his initiated conversation during free-play periods , and it decreased .	teacher
male	6	"Another well - known thriller - writer , Victor Canning , sets the prologue to his 1956 novel "" The Hidden Face "" ( US "" Burden of Proof "" ) in Alfriston ."	writer
male	6	In the second , a bank clerk abandons his wife for his mistress , but the rest of the town 's husbands become jealous and unite to conspire against them .	clerk
male	23	Born to a family of teachers in 1890 , he attended a madrasah in Crimea and later studied in Istanbul before becoming a teacher himself .	teacher
male	7	"Earlier in his career , Hoffman also assistant directed such acclaimed titles as : "" The Royal Tenenbaums , School of Rock , Donnie Brasco , Dead Man Walking "" and "" Groundhog Day "" ."	assistant
male	2	A prolific writer , he is considered as one of main figures of the 18th century Lutheran reformers , along with his beloved master , Dr Wilhelm Abraham Teller .	writer
male	3	The early Christian writer Papias appeared in his writings to distinguish between John the Evangelist and John the Elder , and many biblical scholars now contend that the latter was the author of Revelation .	writer
male	3	His home room teacher , Marcell Benedek , as well as his class and school mates were formative influences in his life and work .	teacher
male	21	Harrison gives an example of one case where a store accounting system was introduced under which it was necessary for one clerk to devote his entire time to keeping track of the cost of bolts , nuts , and screws which involved an expenditure of considerably less than his salary , and yet under this plan several hundred thousand dollars of other material was shown on the books as being on hand when as a matter of fact it had been used in the manufacture of product shipped and billed months before .	clerk
male	9	Morgan Sullivan ( Northam ) , a recently unemployed accountant , is bored with his suburban life .	accountant
male	0	"Writer Steve Sullivan , in his book "" Encyclopedia of Great Popular Song Recordings , Volume 1 "" ( 2013 ) , calls the song "" an extraordinary work that surpasses any individual song Paul Simon had ever produced as a solo artist ."	writer
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	10	"Among other works , the Detroit - area crime fiction writer Elmore Leonard mentions the city in his 2000 novel , "" Pagan Babies "" ."	writer
male	8	"Her rejection got too much attention that famous writer , broadcaster and journalist Raza Ali Abidi stated on his social networking site that : "" A girl who is treated so badly in trials of show , i wish some channel with good producers must have done a great - show with her ."	writer
male	20	Saban had not intended to enter coaching until Don James , his coach at Kent State made him a graduate assistant while he waited for his wife to graduate .	assistant
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	21	Later , Margaret comes to the birthday party and Albert tells her about the last time he saw their former music teacher , Rafael Joseffy , noting that he was sick .	teacher
male	45	"Peter Gay says that the use of the term subconscious where unconscious is meant is "" a common and telling mistake "" ; indeed , "" when [ the term ] is employed to say something ' Freudian ' , it is proof that the writer has not read his Freud "" ."	writer
male	13	"In his oral history of the album titled "" Gimme Facts "" , writer Sean O'Neal named the album "" a historic forward leap "" for the band ."	writer
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
male	11	"In his investigation of narrative structures in Spaghetti Western films , writer Bert Fridlund ranges "" Death Rides a Horse "" , together with "" Day of Anger "" as prime examples of a "" tutorship variation "" that further develops the play on age / experience between the protagonists in "" For a Few Dollars More "" , with Lee Van Cleef playing the older partner in all three films ."	writer
male	16	This work is believed to have inspired a 1908 parody by Caragiale , in which the writer proclaimed his support for Take Ionescu .	writer
male	6	In 800 BC , the Greek writer Homer wrote in his epic , The Odyssey , of Telemachus , a man who used opium to soothe his pain and forget his worries .	writer
male	15	He acted as Mission President for the church , with Willard Richards as his first counselor and recent British convert William Clayton as his second counselor .	counselor
male	2	The accepting clerk claimed that he was ignorant of the event and believed that 4 June was the date of a mining disaster .	clerk
male	5	"It was here that his teacher Bulgarianized his name into "" Ivan Stoykov "" ."	teacher
male	12	"As for his individual performance in the 1890 Yale game , the writer noted : "" Such tackling as Cumnock did that day probably has never been equaled ."	writer
male	11	When he needed to make reports , he would ask his clerk to do the paperwork .	clerk
male	3	Taylor believed the laborer was worthy of his hire , and pay was linked to productivity .	laborer
male	10	In 1897 , Dr. Philip O'Hanlon , a coroner 's assistant on Manhattan 's Upper West Side , was asked by his then eight - year - old daughter , Virginia O'Hanlon ( 1889–1971 ) , whether Santa Claus really existed .	assistant
male	24	Edwards was an avid reader of Etude Magazine as a youngster ; the piano lessons his mother arranged for him ended badly because the teacher did not like his adventurous nature .	teacher
male	13	The existing shower baths were located in a detached building occupied by a teacher and his family ( wife and three children ) , and were considered to be an intrusion on privacy , and discharged waste water to the ground nearby .	teacher
male	7	"In "" The Mindy Project "" , nurse Morgan refers to his time in Otisville for the theft of cars with his cousin ."	nurse
male	9	An equally strong conviction was that whatever pain a teacher causes in his relationship with students must be openly acknowledged rather than dismissed .	teacher
male	1	A nurse hands him a letter Stacey left behind and he reads it at home , discovering that Arthur is Kush 's son .	nurse
male	4	On October 27 , Nurse scored his first career NHL goal in a 4–3 loss to the Minnesota Wild .	nurse
male	6	Wigmore 's high productivity as a writer was noted by his contemporaries .	writer
male	3	""" JazzTimes "" writer Tom Terrell called Davis "" a spiritual Hendrix with his own cosmic band of gypsies "" , and commented that the album 's "" visionary performance ... predicts hip hop ( ' Rated X 's bassline = ' White Lines ' ) , Ornette 's Prime Time ( ' Black Satin ' ) and Talking Heads ( ' Ife ' ) "" ."	writer
male	10	Brian Banks has also claimed to be an elementary school teacher and his biography on the Michigan House Democrats website listed him as a former elementary school teacher .	teacher
male	8	"In 2011 , a 9th grade Language Arts teacher at the Richland Public High School piloted "" Diary "" in his curriculum , and with the help of his students , reported to the school 's board on the inclusion of the book in a high school curriculum ."	teacher
male	5	John , together with his teacher , Bernardine , his colleague , James of the Marche , and Albert Berdini of Sarteano , are considered the four great pillars of the Observant reform among the Friars Minor .	teacher
male	4	His mother was a teacher and his father a doctor of physics .	teacher
male	1	"IGN writer Anthony Chau liked the found Kim 's son as his favourite characters from "" "" due to how similar their fighting styles are to Kim 's as well as their relation ."	writer
male	42	The film is set in a village in the Indian province of Bengal during World War II , and examines the effect of the Great Famine of 1943 on the villages of Bengal through the eyes of a young Brahmin doctor - teacher , Gangacharan , and his wife , Ananga .	teacher
